
About This Game
RollerCoaster Tycoon World™ is the newest installment in the legendary RCT franchise. This next-generation theme park simulation and building game include fan-favorite features incredible new advancements such as stunning 3D environments full of roller coaster thrills, exciting flat rides, eager guests, user-generated content, robust social features, and more – all in one massively fun game! 

FEATURES
Powerful Building Tools:

Innovative 3D Coaster Editor: Easily create the coolest and wildest coasters imaginable with our best track editor ever! Using our spline-based editor, tracks can be fully manipulated in 3D for the first time, allowing you to create any shape you can dream up.

Expansive Selection of In-Game Objects: Entertain your park guests with tons of different coasters, flat rides, shops, scenery items and more!

Freeform Object Placement: Control and place every single in-game object anywhere on the map at any angle.

Curved Paths: Select your unique type of path from a variety of widths, styles, and shapes. You can make them straight, or for the first time in the franchise, curve them at almost any angle!

Fully Deformable Terrain with Water: Place amazing rides and change your park’s landscape in full 3D with completely deformable terrain and water.


Next-Generation Simulation:

Brand-New Progression Mode: Experience an exciting new way to play with our mission-based campaign system. This progression mode features dozens of engaging and increasingly tricky missions over 3 world maps, with multiple objectives and playstyle options. As you complete these missions, you’ll be granted Research Points, which can then be used to unlock over 100 new scenery items for use in your Sandbox Mode.

Detailed Park Management Tools: Run a successful theme park using a plethora of park management tools and trackers. From park finances to the thoughts of your guests, everything is at your fingertips including new features like heat maps!

Sandbox Mode: Build the park of your dreams with unlimited resources in our Sandbox mode. Items unlocked in the Progression Mode will be made available in your Sandbox, or at the touch of a button, you can access the full breadth of RCTW coasters, flat rides, shops, and more. Build how you want!

Responsive Environments and Guests: Create themed zones in your park! Placing different themed objects near your rides will increase their attractiveness to certain peeps, changing gameplay dynamically.

Advanced Physics Calculations: The coasters in RCTW use a more complex physics simulation than any previous game in the franchise. This simulation allows for amazing designs and a lifelike riding experience. Build a coaster that stays perfectly on its tracks or teeters on the brink of disaster; just be careful or your coaster may jump the rails!

Ride Every Coaster: Hop into the front seat of a coaster and ride what you made yourself!

Innovative Services: Manage your park’s medical, janitorial, entertainment and mechanical needs with the re-designed, simple-yet-powerful services system.


Native Sharing and Social Features:

Social Media Integration: Share all your cool creations and designs with your friends straight from within the game!

Friend’s Lists and Stat Comparisons: See what your Steam and Social friends are up to in their games from within yours! It’s easy to see someone’s latest coaster or when they last edited their park.

Native Steam Workshop Support: Native Steam Workshop support is built right into RollerCoaster Tycoon World! The interface has been simplified and centralized to make it easy for anyone from the casual to the hardcore user. The custom scenery, blueprinted coasters, parks and more can be easily and seamlessly shared from within the game. UGC has been designed to be accessible and easy to use for everyone.
 
System Requirements
Minimum:
Requires a 64-bit processor and operating system

OS: Windows 7 (64-bit)

Processor: Intel 2.3 GHz Core i5 or AMD equivalent

Memory: 4 GB RAM

Graphics: GeForce GTX 460 or AMD equivalent

DirectX: Version 11

Storage: 10 GB available space

]]> Game Introduction
Welcome to the newest edition of the best-selling park sim RollerCoaster Tycoon World™. RCTW gives you ultimate control and allows you to build mind-bending realistic coasters. Immerse yourself in the stunning new 3D engine that will give you total freedom to create, ride, and share the amusement parks of your dreams. Whether you are pushing the limits of design or trying to create a monster park with maximum profits, you will always be challenged. Now with a Creative Hub function, you can share content including coasters and maps. Experience the thrill of a lifetime!

 

Four Theme Categories

You can decorate your amusement park using four diverse and comprehensive themes:

Generic– For all your amusement park needs

Sci-Fi– To inspire guests with visions of tomorrow

Western– For transporting peeps to the early American frontier

Adventure– Visitors get a taste of Caribbean escapades or Mayan architecture

 

Story Mode and Game Difficulty

In previous versions of RollerCoaster Tycoon®, the game offered easy, medium and hard scenarios. RollerCoaster Tycoon World provides a new Story Mode with 30 missions (Deluxe Edition includes 10 additional missions) that teaches you everything there is to know to become a Tycoon. Each Mission gives you a Main Objective and 3 levels of optional challenges: Apprentice, Master, and Tycoon. When you first start RollerCoaster Tycoon World, only the first Mission is available. The remaining are locked and become unlocked as you complete at least the Main Objective of the previous one. When completing optional challenges, you will be rewarded with Tycoon Credits which you can spend to unlock all kinds of items such as new scenery objects, Piece-by-Piece Packs, Blueprints, and more.

 

How to get started

Start Windows.

Next, you will need to install Steam which can be downloaded from http://store.steampowered.com/. If you already have Steam installed and have a Steam account, skip to Step 5.

If you are installing Steam for the first time you must accept the SSA to proceed. Once you agree to the SSA follow the onscreen directions to install the Steam client.

Upon completion of the Steam Client installation, you will need to create a Steam account. Launch the client, click Create A New Account, and follow the onscreen directions to complete your account creation.

Launch the Steam client and Login to your Steam account. If you purchased your product directly through Steam skip to Step 7.

If you purchased your game with a retailer other than Steam you will first need to activate your product with Steam (this includes users who purchased a physical disc). To do this Click the Games menu in Steam. Choose Activate your Product on Steam. Follow the onscreen instructions to complete the process.

Click on the Library menu and find “RollerCoaster Tycoon World”. Click Install.

To play the game once it is installed simply run the Steam client and find RollerCoaster Tycoon World in your games library then click Play.

Visit rollercoastertycoon.com for the latest information about the game.

 

IMPORTANT ANTIVIRUS INFORMATION:

We encourage protecting your PC from viruses, spyware and other forms of malicious software. Anti-virus applications often interfere with Steam and can cause a range of problems from connection issues to games not launching correctly. Please set your anti-virus to Game Mode or disable it before launching Steam if you are experiencing issues with your Steam games.

 

STEAM - ONLINE ACTIVATION
You will be required to install and activate your game through Steam.
Once activated you can play whilst offline as allowed via Steam.
REQUIRES INTERNET CONNECTION AND FREE STEAM ACCOUNT TO ACTIVATE
NOTICE: Products offered subject to your acceptance of the Steam Subscriber Agreement (“SSA”) You must activate this product via the internet by registering for a Steam account and accepting the SSA. This is a live game and will be continuously updated. You must connect to Steam for regular game updates and latest information.
 

Saving and Loading

Save your progress at any time by clicking on the SAVE button found directly in the Pause Menu. When saving during a Sandbox game, you can confirm the name of your game save then click the SAVE button. Note that when saving during a Mission of the Story Mode, the name of the game save is already chosen, only the SAVE option is available.

Load functionality is available both in the Main Menu and the Pause Menu.

To load a game saved during a Story Mode Mission, click on the Story Mode button in the Main Menu and then on the LOAD button displayed on the Mission icon.

To load a Sandbox game save, click on the Sandbox button in the Main Menu, select a game from the list and then click the LOAD button.

To load a saved game while playing, click the LOAD button found in the Pause Menu and follow the same steps. Note that only Sandbox game saves can be loaded from the Pause Menu.

 

Main Menu

PLAY

This button will only appear the first time the game is launched. Use this button to go into the very first Mission that teaches you the basics.

RESUME

This button will only appear after a game has been saved. Use this button to load the most recent saved game.

STORY MODE

Each Mission gives you a Main Objective and 3 levels of optional challenges: Apprentice, Master, and Tycoon. When you first start RollerCoaster Tycoon World, only the first Mission is available. To unlock new ones, you must complete at least the Main Objective of the previous one. When completing optional challenges, you will be rewarded with Tycoon Credits which you can spend to unlock all kinds of items such as new scenery objects, Piece-by-Piece Packs, Blueprints, and more. Completing the more difficult challenges will reward you with more Tycoon Credits.

SANDBOX

Create the crowning achievement of amusement parks with all the items you unlocked during the Story Mode!

Choose from three environments available: Island, Canyon, and Forest. And for even more freedom, activate the Unlimited Mode to unlock all the items and to gain access to infinite money!

CREATIVE HUB

Players can share content with friends or the RollerCoaster Tycoon World community. Share your creations or download the ones created by your friends! You can find Coaster and Piece-by-Piece blueprints, maps, screenshots, even UGC (User-Generated Content).

OPTIONS

Adjust various game options and settings. Players can also access the Options in the Pause Menu while playing the game.

QUIT

Quit RollerCoaster Tycoon World.

 

Game Controls

PLEASE NOTE:

These default controls represent the way the user controls the camera outside of any special editing mode. Editing modes may change some of these controls, as described in each section below. Any controls that are not specifically changed by an editing mode remain as described in the default controls.

 

Default Controls : Keyboard & Mouse Input

 

General:

Left Mouse Click: Use / Place / Select item or object.

Right Mouse Click: Cancel the current action.

ESC: Exit out of the current menu/tool or open Pause Menu.

 

Camera Movement:

W or Up Arrow: Move camera forward.

S or Down Arrow: Move camera backward.

A or Left Arrow: Move camera left.

D or Right Arrow: Move camera right.

Move Mouse Cursor to the screen edges: Move camera forward, backward, left and right. This option can be turned on in the Options menu.

 

Camera Rotation:

Hold Middle Mouse Button + Move Mouse Cursor: Rotate the camera around a center point in the view.

Q: Rotate camera left around a center point in the view.

E: Rotate camera right around a center point in the view.

Page up: Tilt camera up.

Page down: Tilt camera down.

 

Camera Zoom:

Z: Zoom in the camera.

X: Zoom out the camera.

 

Mouse Wheel

Up & Down: Zoom in and out.

 

Object Manipulation:

Hold Shift + Mouse Wheel Up & Down (or – and =): Increase and decrease elevation/rotation of an object.

1/2/3/4: Change the current Manipulation Mode. Each placement context gives you up to 4 keys to switch between elevation/twist rotation/yaw rotation/pitch rotation.

 

Time:

Space Bar: Pause/resume game speed.

Tab and Shift-Tab: Cycle through the game speeds.

 

Shortcuts:

M: Toggle the Move tool on / off.

B: Toggle the Bulldoze tool on / off.

G: Toggle the Grid Snapping on / off.

N: Toggle the Alignment Guides on / off.

L: Toggle the Angle/Elevation Snapping on / off.

T: Toggle the Auto-Stacking on / off.

F: Toggle the Free Camera on / off.

H: Toggle the HUD visibility on / off.

F12: Steam Screenshot

 

Trackpad:

Tap or normal Click = Select (left mouse button)

Drag finger = Move cursor

2-finger tap or Right Click = Cancel (right-mouse button)

2-finger drag up and down = Camera zoom in and out (Mouse Scroll Wheel)

Hold CTRL + drag finger = When playing with a trackpad, holding Ctrl and drag finger to rotate the camera (simulates a Mouse Middle Click)

 

Coaster Builder Controls: Keyboard & Mouse Inputs:

Mouse Inputs:

Left Mouse Click = Select a node/segment or place the already selected node

Right Mouse Click = Cancel current node selection or segment selection

Shift + Mouse Scroll Wheel Up / Down (or - / =) : increase / decrease node elevation (Manipulation Mode 1) or rotate clockwise / counter-clockwise the node on the current axis (Manipulation Mode 2/3/4)

 

Keyboard Inputs:

1 = Change the Manipulation Mode to node elevation (Manipulation Mode 1)

2 = Change the Manipulation Mode to node twist rotation (Manipulation Mode 2)

3 = Change the Manipulation Mode to node pitch rotation (Manipulation Mode 3)

4 = Change the Manipulation Mode to node yaw rotation (Manipulation Mode 4)

Delete = delete the selected node or segment

 

Coaster Track Color selection:

1 = Select the track

2 = Select the frame

3 = Select the supports

 

Object Placement Controls: Keyboard & Mouse Inputs

 

Keyboard Inputs

1 = Change the Manipulation Mode to object rotation

2 = Change the Manipulation Mode to object elevation

Mouse Inputs

Shift + Mouse Scroll Wheel Up / Down (or - / = ): rotate clockwise / counter-clockwise the node on the current axis (Manipulation Mode 1) or increase / decrease node elevation (Manipulation Mode 1)

 

Path Construction Controls: Keyboard & Mouse Inputs

Mouse Inputs

Shift + Mouse Scroll Wheel Up / Down (or - / = ): increase / decrease the path elevation.

NOTE: The 1 and 2 keys do NOT change the behavior of the Shift + Mouse Wheel. At all times during Path

Construction the Shift + Mouse Wheel increases/decreases the current elevation of the path.

 

Steam Controls:

Cameras

Park Camera

The Park Camera is the default camera. This view gives the player an overview of the entire park with very smooth articulation.

Free Camera

The Free Camera can be accessed at any time in the game by clicking on the Free Camera button or pressing the F key. This camera can easily look up at any angle.

Ride Camera

The Ride Camera is available on any one of the Coasters and Flat Rides. The player experiences the rides that they create throughout the park. The camera will even shake with the effects of G-force on the ride when inside a RollerCoaster.

Peeps Camera

This is the complete view from the peep’s perspective. The player can experience the park from the customer’s view.

 

Story Mode

The Story Mode is where the player learns everything they need to know about how to build a park in RollerCoaster Tycoon World, and test their skills with harder and harder challenges. It’s also where players can earn Tycoon Credits to unlock their favorite rides, shops, scenery, and more.

 

If a player has picked “Story Mode” to start a new game they will be brought to the story mode screen, starting in the Frolicking Forest environment.

 

Each environment features 10 maps, each of which must be completed before the next map unlocks. Once the player has completed all 10 in the first environment, the next environment unlocks as well.

 

The player can mouse over any available Mission to view a short description, see the status of secondary objectives, and click “Start” to begin a new game.

 

If the player has already been playing a Mission, the text on mouseover will instead display “Load”. Clicking this button will load the player’s last saved game in this mission. 

 

Next, to “Load” there is a gray + sign, which displays the tooltip “New” on mouseover. If clicked, the “Load” button changes to display “New” – clicking this button will start a new game in this Mission. The + sign will turn into an X displaying “Back” on mouseover- clicking this will back out, and a new game will not be started.

 

Player Objectives - A panel will appear with different objectives as a progress icon is displayed. As players complete objectives a checked icon will be displayed and then disappear as a new objective will become available. Try to keep your park earning money and make your customers happy!

 

The larger the park, the more peeps to satisfy and the more rides to inspect.

 

There are three secondary objectives also available in each Story Mode Mission. Completing these will grant you Tycoon Credits, which you can spend to unlock rides, shops, scenery, and more.

 

Fame Events

As your park grows, you will have Influencers who come to visit your park! Once this happens, your park’s guest count is capped until you can satisfy the Influencer. Influencers will have different demands that you will need to make sure you can satisfy, so keep an eye on what they want from your park!

 

If you succeed, your Influencer will praise you, and new visitors will flood to your park.

 

If you fail, your Influencer will express their disappointment- your guest count will remain capped, and disappointed guests will also leave your park.

 

Make sure you keep those Influencers happy!

 

Building Your Park

Scenery

Plants and decorations can be placed throughout the park to help embellish the park and enhance the park goers experience.

 

There are multiple kinds of sceneries in RollerCoaster Tycoon World, including:

Path Posts and Path Scenery: benches, picnic tables, lamp posts, signs, trash cans, and other objects placed on the edge of the path.

Décor: various effects and spotlights

Hedges, plants and trees: topiaries, bushes, flowers, plants and trees of all sizes.

 

The scenery items are spread across the 4 themes:

Generic

Adventure

Sci-Fi

Western

 

Scenery items that are placed close to rides will increase that ride’s excitement. Themed scenery pieces will also contribute their theme to the ride, making it more attractive to peeps who like that theme! Scenery Stats only affect rides if the scenery is placed within the Scenery Radius of the ride.

An item will glow “red” if the player is unable to place the scenery asset for any reason. The player will be charged for the item’s cost immediately after it is placed.

 

Shop Systems

Keep your peeps happy in RollerCoaster Tycoon World with Food Shops, Souvenir Shops, Bathrooms, and Information Kiosks. Restaurants come in 7 main varieties, serving different kinds of cuisine:

All American

Asian

Italian

Healthy

Sweets & Candy

Mexican

Drinks & Snacks

 

The Shop Finances and Customer Satisfaction is provided through a stats menu where the player can see the shop’s profit and loss as well as customer opinions. The stats include:

Income / Hour

Running Cost / Hour

Profit / Hour

Total Profit

Customers / Hour

Popularity %

Satisfaction%

Total Customers

How many peeps have this shop marked as their favorite.

Build Date

Customer Thoughts

 

Terrain Deformation

Players can deform the terrain to create hills, mountains, canyons or any topographical feature they desire. Textures can also be applied to give the park surroundings an authentic look. RollerCoaster Tycoon World includes 3 environments:

Canyon, Island, and Forest (Deluxe Edition includes 2 additional maps: Lake and Egypt) with 4 types of textures: Rocks, Grass, Sand, and Mud.

Just select the Terrain tab to begin shaping the landscape.

 

Finance Systems

In RollerCoaster Tycoon World one of the measures of success for the park is the amount of money it makes. A complex system is in place to track Revenues, Expenses, and Loans. This system can be viewed and tracked

through Activity, Theme, and Rides.

 

Loans exist to allow a cash-strapped player some immediate cash flow at the expense of a repayment over time.

The game provides 3 loan amounts: $10,000, $50,000, and $100,000. Market your park to boost Park Appeal and Attractiveness, increasing the overall rate of guests that attend.

 

Heat Maps

Heat Maps are a 3D visualization of the Park and the Coasters data that is best displayed spatially to understand certain measurements. This feature is easier to understand than a traditional graph, chart, and game statistics. The

following park data is displayed in Heat Map form:

Park Income

Peep Density*

Average Spend/Peep*

 

*Filtered by Peep Demographics

This information can be viewed in real-time with park updates regularly through the course of the game.

 

This feature can also be found with Coaster Data Heat Maps measuring the following:

Excitement

Intensity

Nausea

Safety

Velocity

Vertical G’s

Lateral G’s

 

Park Services

Build each Park Service building to provide staff for the park. Players can upgrade their smaller less efficient buildings, replacing them with larger ones, providing a larger staff.

 

There are 4 types of service buildings a park should have:

Medical- Healing injured peeps

Janitorial- Waste removal from paths, emptying trash bins and cleaning lavatories

Mechanical- Inspecting Rides and Fixing Ride Breakdowns

Entertainment- When Peeps get bored, they need to be entertained

 

Players can focus their employee’s attention in certain areas by building Patrol Areas.

To build a Patrol Area, players simply click “New Patrol” at the bottom of the Patrol Areas tab in the Employee Building info panel.

To assign an employee to a Patrol Area, pick them up and drop them into it.

To remove an employee from all Patrol Areas, and return them to free roam, pick them up and drop them on their Employee Building.

 

Paths

Agents traverse the park on paths. This is the “road system” for your RollerCoaster Tycoon World. All shops, coaster queues/exits, and service buildings must be placed adjacent or connected directly to a path.

 

Scenery objects snap to the exterior and interior of paths if the snapping toggle is disabled (N key)

 

There are 3 path sizes: 1x wide, 2x wide, 4x wide, and Queues.

 

Players can create: Straight Paths, Curved Paths, Freeform Paths. Creating paths will cost the player money depending on the type and size of the path that’s picked.

NOTE: A path cannot be added over an object and on too steep of a slope. If a path cannot be added it displays in red and a visual will appear to help the player understand why.

 

NOTE: A player cannot edit terrain where a path is. If the Terrain tool is used over the path, only the terrain surrounding the path will be affected.

 

Tools for paths:

Straight- Draw sections of paths in straight lines by choosing the start and end points

Curved- Left mouse click makes a point which is used as a tangent for a curve in the road and the second click will build the road

Enlarge Path- Change the width of the path using the presets (1 to 4)

 

Ride Systems

Ride systems fall into two primary categories:

Flat Rides- Flat Rides are pre-built attractions with pre-made animations. All flat rides operate similarly, though their wide range of stats can cause them to affect peeps in very different ways.

Flat rides range in intensity from the gentlest options available to moderately high intensity. There are 3 classifications for flat rides: Junior, Family, and Thrill.

Coasters- Coasters are fast moving rides with cars that follow steel or wooden tracks. All coasters operate similarly, though their stats can cause them to affect peeps in different ways.

Coasters range in intensity from moderate to very high.

 

Each ride features 4 basic stats that define how peeps experience the ride:
 
Excitement- The higher the better.
Intensity- This is measured through coaster speed, inversions, lateral G’s, and high vertical.
Nausea- Drops, quick changes in direction, lateral G’s affect nausea.
Safety- Peep will avoid rides with lower safety ratings.
NOTE: Scenery can increase a ride’s Excitement. When a player places scenery in their park, each ride has a visual display showing the Scenery Radius for that particular ride. This tool helps the player make a decision about the optimal placement of scenery items.

 

Each ride falls under one of four themes:

Generic– No theme. Generic flat rides can accept theming from scenery placed within their Scenery Radius.

Adventure– Central American cultures, and Adventurers. Adventure rides can have their Theme boosted by the placement of Adventure themed scenery within their Scenery Radius.

Sci-Fi– Space ships, robots, and lasers. Sci-Fi rides can have their Theme boosted by the placement of Sci-Fi themed scenery within their Scenery Radius.

Western– Cowboys, cattle, and gold rushes. Western rides can have their Theme boosted by the placement of Western themed scenery within their Scenery Radius.

 

Every ride is measured by the following financial stats:

Ticket Price– The cost for a ticket to this ride.

Build Cost– The cost to build this ride.

Running Cost– How much it costs to run this ride on a per month basis.

 

Coaster Builder

In this mode, the player can create RollerCoasters with all kinds of custom loops and shapes. When creating a new RollerCoaster from scratch, the following steps are used:

Choose and place your station.

Create the track by clicking in the environment to create new nodes, or use the more traditional Segment Mode.

Add Specialty Pieces if needed.

Add Chains, Boosters or Brakes.

Change the number of cars and customize their colors.

Customize the colors of the track and the supports.

Launch a test and watch the results on a Heat Map displayed all along the track. Fine tune the track for better results.

Open to the public.

 

Players have the option to use multiple trains for a single RollerCoaster, thanks to the use of Brake Systems. The function of Brake Systems is to slow the train down to a precise Safe Speed (e.g. 5 km/h), then stay at this constant speed until it reaches the end of the Block Brakes, called the Stop Point. If the train is below the Safe Speed (e.g. 1km/h) when entering the Block Brakes, the train speeds up to reach the Safe Speed (5 km/h). When all trains are stopped at a Stop Point, all trains start moving again gradually to the Safe Speed to exit out of the Block Brakes.

If you are happy with your Coaster creation, simply click on the Save Blueprint button in the TEST tab to keep the Coaster as a Blueprint.

 

Sandbox Mode

Throw caution to the wind and cast off all the constraints of the ordinary Story Mode. Now you can create the crowning achievement of amusement parks with all the items you unlocked during the Story Mode!

For even more freedom, activate the Unlimited Mode to unlock all the items and to gain access to infinite money!

Experiment to your heart’s content with any aspect of the game. If you want a completely blank canvas without any terrain modification or pre-placed scenery, consider checking the “Flatland” checkbox!

 

User-Generated Content

In RollerCoaster Tycoon World the Creative Hub lets users enable or disable User-Generated Content (UGC) during the game.

Team RCTW is implementing robust UGC tools for use in RollerCoaster Tycoon World. These tools will allow you, our most creative tycoons, to build your very own custom scenery and peeps and import them directly into the game.

The process is simple:

 

1) Get yourself a graphics program! You can create UGC using any Unity 5-compatible 3D modeling tool, including Max, Maya, Blender, Cinema4D, Modo, Lightwave and Cheetah3D. Simply export as a .MAX, .MB, or .MA file. The full list of compatible programs can be foun here: http://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/3D-formats.html.

2) Load the model in Unity 5, make sure to use Unity 5.3.5p7.

3) Import it into the game! In no time, you’ll be able to see your glorious creations side-by-side with the ones our artists have cooked up. This plugin connects directly with Unity 5 and validates that the model meets all specifications required to work within the game. It will convert it into a format readable by RCTW.

 

Quit Mode

Assets can be generated from external programs such as Maya 3D or 3D Studio Max. Once the item is validated through a Unity 3D tool it is ready to use in the RollerCoaster Tycoon World game.

 

Steam Workshop is a content location for the RollerCoaster Tycoon World community to share generated content.

 

Players can visit the Steam Workshop to browse and download any mods or content (blueprint) add-ons they desire for free! Social Hub / User Generated Content.

 

RollerCoaster Tycoon World offers a single player experience, a shared experience with just selected friends or an experience sharing with friends and the RollerCoaster Tycoon World community.

Single Player- I play alone, I build, I create, I decorate. I create screenshots, and videos

Friends- Notify my friends, chat while playing, view their KPI and achievements

Friends and Community- Use social tools such as Steam and Steam Workshop to share your RCTW experiences including screenshots and more advanced UGC. Using Steam UX is good, but in game integration is preferred when possible.

 

Players can share: Screenshots, videos, coaster blueprints, saved game files & KPI, custom maps, and scenery items. If shared, the content will be stored on the Steam Cloud and it will be accessible to Friends (sharing with the community requires uploading to Steam Workshop)

 

]]> PATH POSTS AND PATH SCENERY: benches, picnic tables, lamp posts, > signs, trash cans, and other objects placed on the edge of the path. > > > DCOR: various effects and spotlights > > HEDGES, PLANTS AND TREES: topiaries, bushes, flowers, plants and > trees of all sizes. The scenery items are spread across the 4 themes: > Generic > > Adventure > > Sci-Fi > > Western Scenery items that are placed close to rides will increase that ride's excitement. Themed scenery pieces will also contribute their theme to the ride, making it more attractive to peeps who like that theme! Scenery Stats only affect rides if the scenery is placed within the Scenery Radius of the ride. An item will glow "red" if the player is unable to place the scenery asset for any reason. The player will be charged for the item's cost immediately after it is placed. SHOP SYSTEMS Keep your peeps happy in RollerCoaster Tycoon World with FOOD SHOPS, SOUVENIR SHOPS, BATHROOMS, and INFORMATION KIOSKS. Restaurants come in 7 main varieties, serving different kinds of cuisine: All American Asian Italian Healthy Sweets & Candy Mexican Drinks &am >> > > The Shop Finances and Customer Satisfaction is provided through a > stats menu where the player can see the shop&rs and loss as well as customer opinions. The stats include: Income / Hour Running Cost / Hour Profit / Hour Total Profit Customers / Hour Popularity % Scenery objects snap to the exterior and interior of paths if the snapping toggle is disabled (N KEY) There are 3 path sizes: 1X WIDE, 2X WIDE, 4X WIDE, and QUEUES. Players can create: Straight Paths, Curved Paths, Freeform Paths. Creating paths will cost the player money depending on the type and size of the path that's picked. NOTE: A path cannot be added over an object and on too steep of a slope. If a path cannot be added it displays in red and a visual will appear to help the player understand why. NOTE: A player cannot edit terrain where a path is. If the Terrain tool is used over the path, only the terrain surrounding the path will be affected. TOOLS FOR PATHS: STRAIGHT- Draw sections of paths in straight lines by choosing the start and end points CURVED- Left mouse click makes a point which is used as a tangent for a curve in the road and the second click will build the road ENLARGE PATH- Change the width of the path using the presets (1 to 4) > e> > > RIDE SYSTEMS > > Ride systems fall into two primary categories: > > FLAT RIDES- Flat Rides are pre-built attractions with pre-made > animations. All flat rides operate similarly, though their wide > range of stats can cause them to affect peeps in very different > ways. > > Flat rides range from the gentlest options available to moderately high intensity. There are 3 classifications for flat rides: Junior, Family, and Thrill. COASTERS- Coaster > oving rides with cars that follow steel or wooden tracks. All > coasters operate similarly, though their stats can cause them to > affect peeps in different ways. > > Coasters range in intensity from moderate to very high. > > Each ride features 4 basic stats that define how peeps experience > the ride: > > EXCITEMENT- The higher the better. > INTENSITY- This is measured through coaster speed, inversions, > lateral G's, and high vertical. > NAUSEA- Drops, quick changes in direction, lateral G's affect > nausea. afety- Peep will avoid rides with lower safety ratings. NOTE: Scenery can increase a ride's Excit > a player places scenery in their park, each ride has a visual > display showing the Scenery Radius for that particular ride. This > tool helps the player make a decision about the optimal placement of > scenery items. > > Each ride falls under one of four themes: > > GENERIC- No theme. Generic flat rides can accept theming from sc within their Scenery Radius. ADVENTURE- Central American cultures, and Adventurers. Adventure rides can have their Theme boosted by the placement of Adventure themed scenery within their Scenery Radius. SCI-FI- Space ships, robots, and lasers. Sci-Fi rides can have their Theme boosted by the placement of Sci-Fi themed scenery within their Scenery Radius. WESTERN- Cowboys, cattle, and gold rushes. W > can have their Theme boosted by the placement of Western themed > scenery within their Scenery Radius. > > Every ride is measured by the following financial stats: > >> TICKET PRICE- The cost for a ticket to this ride. >> >> BUILD COST- The cost to build this ride. >> >> RUNNING COST- How much it costs to run this ride on a per month >> basis. > > COASTER BUILDER > > In this mode, the player can create RollerCoasters with all kinds of > custom loops and shapes. When creating a new RollerCoaster from > scratch, g steps are used: Choose and place your station. Create the track by clicking in the e > o create new nodes, or use the more traditional Segment Mode. > > Add Specialty Pieces if needed. > > Add Chains, Boosters or Brakes. > > Change the number of cars and customize their colors. > > Customize the colors of the track and the sup >Launch a test and watch the results on a Heat Map displayed all along the track. Fine tune the track for better results. Open to the public. Players have the option to use multiple trains for a single RollerCoaster, thanks to the use of Brake Systems. The function of Brake Systems is to slow the train down to a precise Safe Speed (e.g. 5 km/h), then s > constant speed until it reaches the end of the Block Brakes, called > the Stop Point. If the train is below the Safe Speed (e.g. 1km/h) > when entering the Block Brakes, the train speeds up to reach the > Safe Speed (5 km/h). When all trains are stopped at a Stop Point, > all trains start moving again gradually to the Safe Speed to exit > out of the Block Brakes. > > If you are happy with your Coaster creation, simply click on the > Save Blueprint button in the TEST tab to keep the Coaster as a > Blueprint. > > & SANDBOX MODE Throw caution to the wind and cast off all the constraints of the ordinary Story Mode. Now you can create the crowning achievement of amusement parks with all the items you unlocked during the Story Mode! For even more freedom, activate the Unlimited Mode to unlock all the items and to gain access to infinite money! Experiment to your heart's content with any aspect of the game. If you want a completely blank canvas without any terrain modification or pre-placed scenery, consider checking the "Flatland" checkbox! USER-GENERATED CONTENT In RollerCoaster Tycoon World the Creative Hub lets users enable or disable User-Generated Content (UGC) during the game. Team RCTW is implementing robust UGC tools for use in RollerCoaster Tycoon World. These tools will allow you, our most creative tycoons, to build your very own custom scenery and peeps and import them directly into the game. The process is simple: 1) Get yourself a graphics program! You can create UGC using any Unity 5-compatible 3D modeling tool, including Max, Maya, Blender, Cinema4D, Modo, Lightwave and Cheetah3D. Simply export as a .MAX, .MB, or .MA file. The full list of compatible programs can be foun here: http://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/3D-formats.html. 2) Load the model in Unity 5, make sure to use Unity 5.3.5p7. 3) Import it into the game! In no time, you'll be able to see your glorious creations side-by-side with the ones our artists have cooked up. This plugin connects directly with Unity 5 and validates that the model meets all specifications required to work within the game. It will conver > format readable by RCTW. > > QUIT MODE > > Assets can be generated from external programs such as Maya 3D or 3D > Studio Max. Once the item is validated through a Unity 3D tool it is > ready to use in the RollerCoaster Tycoon World game. > > STEAM WORKSHOPis a content location for the RollerCoaster Tycoon > World community to share generated content. > > Players can visit the STEAM WORKSHOP to browse and download any mods > or content (blueprint) add-ons they desire for free! Social Hub / > User Generated Content. > > RollerCoaster Tycoon World offers a single player experience, a > shared experience with ju riends or an experience sharing with friends and the RollerCoaster Tycoon World community. SINGLE PLAYER- I play alone, I build, I create, I decorate. I create screenshots, and videos FRIENDS- Notify my friends, chat while playing, view their KPI and achievements FRIENDS AND COMMUNITY- Use social tools such as Steam and Steam Workshop to share your RCTW experiences including screenshots and more advanced UGC. Using Steam UX is good, but in game integration is preferred when possible. Players can share: Screenshots, videos, coaster blueprints, saved game files & KPI, custom maps, and scenery items. If shared, the content will be stored on the Steam Cloud and it will be accessib > s (sharing with the community requires uploading to Steam Workshop) ]]> Relive the Golden Age of Gaming with 100 of the most popular iconic games from the 70’s and 80’s. Now with online multiplayer capability, this extensive catalog includes classic Atari® titles like Asteroids®, Centipede®, Missile Command®, and many more, paired with intuitive new controls designed to mimic what Atari fans remember from the glory days!
The brand new additions of online and local multiplayer, along with Steam Leaderboards, allows you to challenge friends and compete with players from around the world like never before.

And now with Steam Controller support, you’ll have unprecedented levels of precision control. Atari® Vault is the ultimate collection of classic Atari titles, and is guaranteed to provide hours of fun!

Genre: Arcade/Atari Play, Casual.

 

GAME FEATURES
 

100 Classic Atari 2600 and Arcade Games – Play seminal Atari titles including Asteroids, Centipede, Missile Command, Tempest, Warlords, and so much more.

Online and Local Multiplayer and Steam Leaderboards – For the first time ever, battle for arcade supremacy online or at home and compare your high scores with players from around the world.

Steam Controller Support – Experience a new level of control playing your favorite games with the multi-functional Steam Controller.

Brand New User-Interface – New User-Interface designed to create the greatest classic arcade experience.

Original Cabinet and Box Art – Relive the glory days with period-accurate cabinet and box art.

 

GAME REQUIREMENTS
Windows OS:
Windows 7, 8.1, or 10
Processor: 2.0 GHz
Memory: 2 GB RAM
Graphics: DirectX 9.0c or higher compatible
DirectX: Version 9.0c
Storage: 1 GB available space
Additional Notes: Network Required for Online Play

Mac OS:

OS: OSX 10.8 or later
Processor: 2GHz or better
Memory: 2 GB RAM
Graphics: OpenGL 2.1
Storage: 2 GB available space
Additional Notes: 1.5 GB Disk Space Required. Network Required For Online Play

SteamOS + Linux:

OS: SteamOS, Ubuntu 12.04+, or equivalent
Processor: 2.0 GHz, 32 or 64 bit
Memory: 2 GB RAM
Graphics: Open GL 2.0
Storage: 2 GB available space
Additional Notes: Network Required for Online Play

 

Developer / Studio: 
Code Mystics
Supported Languages:
EFIGS

]]>  
3D Tic Tac Toe - 2600

Adventure - 2600

Air Sea Battle - 2600

Asteroids - 2600

Asteroids - Arcade

Asteroids Deluxe - Arcade

Backgammon - 2600

Basic Math - 2600

Basketball - 2600

Black Widow - Arcade

Blackjack - 2600

Bowling - 2600

Brain Games - 2600

Breakout - 2600

Canyon Bomber - 2600

Casino - 2600

Centipede - 2600

Centipede - Arcade

Championship Soccer - 2600

Checkers - 2600

Chess - 2600

Circus Atari - 2600

Code Breaker - 2600

Combat - 2600

Combat 2 - 2600

Concentration - 2600

Crystal Castles - 2600

Crystal Castles - Arcade

Demons to Diamonds - 2600

Desert Falcon - 2600

Dodge-Em 2600

Double Dunk - 2600

Fatal Run - 2600

Flag capture - 2600

Football - 2600

Golf - 2600

Gravitar - 2600

Gravitar - Arcade

Hangman - 2600

Haunted House - 2600

Homerun - 2600

Human Cannonball - 2600

Liberator - Arcade

Lunar Lander - Arcade

Major Havoc - Arcade

Maze Craze - 2600

Millipede - 2600

Millipede - Arcade

Miniature Golf - 2600

Missile Command - 2600

Missile Command - Arcade

Night Driver - 2600

Off the Wall - 2600

Outlaw - 2600

Pong - Arcade

Quadrun - 2600

Race - 2600

Radar Lock - 2600

RealSports Baseball - 2600

RealSports Basketball - 2600

RealSports Boxing - 2600

RealSports Football - 2600

RealSports Soccer - 2600

RealSports Tennis - 2600

RealSports Volleyball - 2600

Red Baron - Arcade

Return to Haunted House - 2600

Save Mary - 2600

Secret Quest - 2600

Sentinel - 2600

Sky Diver - 2600

Slot Machine - 2600

Slot Racers - 2600

Sword Quest Fireworld - 2600

Space Duel - Arcade

Space War - 2600

Sprint - Arcade

Sprint Master - 2600

Star Raiders - 2600

Starship - 2600

Steeplechase - 2600

Stellar Track - 2600

Street Racer - 2600

Stunt Cycle - 2600

Sub Commander - 2600

Super Baseball - 2600

Super Breakout - Arcade

Super Breakout -2600

Super Football - 2600

Surround - 2600

Sword Quest Earthworld - 2600

Sword Quest Waterworld - 2600

Tempest - 2600

Tempest - Arcade

Video Cube - 2600

Video Olympics - 2600

Video Pinball - 2600

Warlords - 2600

Warlords - Arcade

Yars Revenge - 2600

]]> the deluxe edition of rollercoaster tycoon world includes all the features of the standard edition plus:

two additional maps and campaigns: build your dream park on two new exotic map packs, and play through 10 additional missions.

additional mascot: wow your guests with the rct franchiseâ€™s classic â€œpandaâ€ mascot.

zipper ride: we've created a brand-new flat ride just for our deluxe edition users!

exclusive scenery: fill your park with exclusive centerpieces, arches, and other decors, only available for deluxe owners!Â 

digital art book: a beautifully designed art book that illustrates the story of rctw art and park elements from concept to in-game.

red roof entrance: delight guests and show off your style with an exclusive deluxe edition park entrance.

]]>
Asteroids PK
Asteroids
Asteroids Deluxe
Asteroids 2600
Canyon Bomber – MP

Battlezone PK
Battlezone
Red Baron
Air-Sea Battle – MP
Submarine Commander
 
Centipede PK
Centipede
Millipede
Centipede 2600
Millipede 2600
 
Black Widow PK
Black Widow
Space Duel – MP
Desert Falcon
Space War
 
Crystal Castles PK
Crystal Castles
Crystal Castles 2600
Surround – MP
Maze Craze
 
Gravitar PK
Gravitar
Gravitar 2600
Radar Lock
Demons to Diamonds – MP
 
Star Raiders PK 
Star Raiders
Liberator
Star Ship – MP
Human Cannonball
 
Pong PK
Pong – MP
Missile Command 2600
Fun with Numbers
Flag Capture MP
 
Lunar Lander PK
Lunar Lander
Sky Diver MP
Video Pinball
Code Breaker
 
Super Breakout PK
Super Breakout
Breakout MP
Off-the-Wall
Circus Atari MP
 
Tempest PK
Tempest
Tempest 2600
Outlaw
Atari Video Cube
 
Major Havoc PK
Major Havoc
Secret Quest
Sentinel
Yars’ Revenge
 
Warlords PK
Warlords MP
Warlords 2600
Combat MP
Combat 2 MP
 
Adventure PK
Adventure
Haunted House
Return to Haunted House
Save Mary
 
3D Tic-Tac-Toe PK
3D Tic-Tac-Toe
A Game of Concentration
Backgammon
Brain Games
 
Fatal Run PK
Fatal Run
Dodge ‘Em
Night Driver
Street Racer – MP
 
Quadrun PK
Quadrun
Slot Racers – MP
Stellar Track
Math Grand Prix
 
Casino PK
Casino MP
Slot Machine
Video Checkers
Video Chess
 
Swordquest PK
Swordquest Earthworld
Swordquest Fireworld
Swordquest Waterworld
Sprintmaster
 
Championship Soccer PK
Championship Soccer MP
Golf
Double Dunk
Basketball
 
Football PK
Football MP
Home Run
Miniature Golf
Bowling
 
Realsports Basketball PK
Realsports Basketball mp
Realsports Boxing mp
Realsports Tennis mp
Realsports Baseball mp
 
Realsports Football PK
Realsports Football mp
Realsports Soccer mp
Realsports Volleyball mp
Video Olympics MP
 
Super Breakout 2600
Super Breakout 2600
Battlezone 2600
Super Baseball
Super Football
 
Hangman PK
Hangman
Black Jack
Steeplechase
]]> Wacky Worlds Expansion Pack:
Wacky Worlds Expansion Pack: Find your passport and pack your bags! Wacky Worlds takes players on the ultimate trip around the globe in 17 new park scenarios! Includes exotic rides, profitable concessions and the most famous landmarks known to man including the Eiffel Tower, Big Ben, Statue of Liberty, Great Wall of China and more! Each location is packed with opportunities for success, fun and unique challenges.
Time Twister Expansion Pack:
Travel through time with 14 new park scenarios based on historical and fantasy time-themes and build a park that is truly a blast from the past (or future if you like). Play in a Prehistoric amusement park decorated with huge animated T-Rex’s and coasters such as the Raptor Ride, or choose from Mythological times, the Dark Ages, the Rock & Roll crazed the ‘50s, the Future or the Roaring Twenties.

Toolkit:

Park Scenario Editor: Design and build your own amazing parks – Make them as easy or as challenging as you want, using your choice of scenery and rides! Includes a number of Six Flags parks to get you started.

Ride Designer: Build, test, fine-tune and theme your own awesome roller coaster designs in the Ride Designer before saving them for use while playing!

Import and Export: Share your saved parks, park scenarios and ride designs with friends, and try out their creations too! (Includes the ability to import most saved parks and scenarios

]]> Create, customize and rule your theme park kingdom in RollerCoaster Tycoon® Touch™, the first RollerCoaster Tycoon® game tailored for touch devices. Building, managing and sharing your coolest park creations in beautiful 3D graphics has never been this fun or easy.
Open card packs full of coasters, rides, decorations and more to build out your dream park. Complete missions and acquire more cards to upgrade your buildings, keeping your peeps happy and making more money for your park!

An innovative, touch-control coaster builder allows you to effortlessly draw coasters, and combined with intuitive pathing and building placement, you can quickly start expressing your Tycoon creativity. Your dream park awaits!

Genre: Simulation
 
GAME FEATURES
Card Packs:
Create fun, wild and imaginative parks by collecting cards packs full of exciting rides and coasters. Level-up, complete Missions, or visit the Card Shop to collect new cards to get different coasters, rides, scenery, and missions for your park.

Coaster Builder:
Easily create wooden, hyper, iron and steel coasters, tracks, supports and stations with the user-friendly spline-based coaster and the track editor.

Stunning Retina 3D Graphics:
RollerCoaster Tycoon has never been this beautiful on mobile devices. Enjoy every park ride, coaster, building, and park decoration in high-resolution 3D graphics with real-time day and night cycle.

Park Attractions:
Customize your dream park and delight guests by choosing from over 100 different flat rides, park decorations, paths, restaurants, and shops. With additional content to be rolled out throughout seasonal events, Roller Coaster Tycoon Touch will offer the largest selection of content ever proposed on mobile.

Park Management:
Create, manage and grow a successful park by maintaining peep satisfaction levels on activities, park value, revenue, and park decorations, and track everything with the intuitive Park Management panel.

Social Features:
Share your park with friends and play socially with others.

GAME REQUIREMENTS
iOS:
Requires iOS 9.0 or later. 
Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch

Android:
Requires Android 4.4 and up

 

Developer / Studio: 
Nvizzio Creations
 
Release Date: 
February 23, 2017
 

]]> The game requires you to have the following specs on your device in order to be able to play it. 
iOS: 1GB of RAM and iOS 9.0 or later

Android:  1GB of RAM and OS 4.4 or above

Please note that devices with other operating systems, like Fire OS, are not currently supported.
]]> Yes, a stable internet connection is required to play the game. 
]]> There is currently no way to restart and erase a saved game. But you can play with a different account. You can also disconnect from Facebook and Game Center, uninstall and reinstall the game. 
 
If you are stuck, please contact our Customer Care via the "Contact Us" button.
]]> Tap on the Setting Menu, then on the currently set language to change it.
]]> You can turn the music and sound effects on and off in the Settings menu.
]]> First, try to close any other apps currently running, and try again. If that doesn't work, try restarting your device. If the game still crashes, please contact our Customer Care via the "Contact Us" button.
]]> You can turn off notifications via the settings of your device.
]]> Please contact our Customer Care via the "Contact Us" button.
]]> We are currently investigating this issue and hope to come with a fix in the next update. We suggest connecting to Facebook inside the game to have your progress saved online. 
 
To connect to Facebook, open the Social menu on the left side of the screen, or visit the Settings on the top right of the screen.
 
Note that if you delete your Facebook account, you won't be able to connect to your saved game and all your progress stored on your Facebook account will be lost.
 
If for any reason you want to suspend your Facebook account, please copy your "Playfab ID" located in the settings, for both local and Facebook saves. Then communicate with our Customer Care - they may be able to swap your saved games (local and on the Facebook Cloud)
]]> Your Google Play Store may not have permission to write to the external storage, which will prevent the game from being installed on your device.
To check if this is the case, follow these steps:

Open your device's main Settings app.

Touch Apps or Application Manager (depending on your device this may be different).

Find the Google Play Store app and touch it.

Tap on Permissions and check that the item about writing and reading to the USB storage is turned on.

For additional troubleshooting, please refer to the Google Support page.

]]> You may be encountering a glitch that was reported and affects some users. We are currently investigating and recommend restarting the device to see if you can run the ads. 
]]> Friends that are also playing RCT Touch are added automatically once you sign in to Facebook and accept the permission to access your friend list. Note that friends playing also need to accept that permission on their end in order to appear within the game.
 
To consult your friends list or connect to Facebook, open the Social Menu on the left side of your park view.
]]> If you want to turn on the permissions to access your friend list on Facebook, go to your account settings, then select ‘Apps’. There you should see RCT Touch listed - select it and enable friends list permission.
]]> Yes! In the main park and in the Park Editor, if you tap deeply on a building, it will automatically enter the Edit mode, so you can quickly move your rides around. It has the same effect as a tap-hold, and both can still be used.
 
3D touch is an Apple exclusive feature, consult their website here to know if your device supports it.
]]> So, you love the game and want to become an RCT Touch VIP? Visit the Offer Tab in the Shop to subscribe!
 
By paying a small monthly fee, our VIP program will provide you with great benefits :
Free VIP card pack every 2 hours. More chances to get rare cards!

+50% mission XP. Progress Faster!

Building durability increased by 6 hours. Less ride breaking, more Coins in your pocket!

Legendary Collector card giveaway every month! Auto-collect at the touch of a button!

Exclusive VIP appearance in leaderboards and friends list. Show your friends who is the boss!

Your subscription will be renewed automatically every month! What peace of mind!
 
If you want to cancel your VIP subscription, go in the Settings menu, and tap on the Unsubscribe VIP button. You can always consult the VIP Terms of Use from the Settings menu to get more info.
]]> There can be a delay before a transaction is approved. Try closing and reloading the game.  If after 24 hours you still haven't received your purchased content, please contact our Customer Care via the "Contact Us" button.
]]> You should contact your app services provider right away:
Apple Support

Android Support

]]> If you want to cancel your VIP subscription, go in the Settings menu, and tap on the Unsubscribe VIP button. This will lead you to the full instructions for unsubscribing.
 
Note that unsubscribing must be done via your app provider service and pressing on the Unsubscribe VIP button WILL NOT automatically unsubscribe your account.
 
You can always consult the VIP Terms of Use from the Settings menu to get more info.
 
If you have any questions or need help, please contact our customer care via the "Contact Us" button.
]]> It is impossible to transfer the VIP subscription to a game installed by different app providers.
You will need to subscribe both accounts in their respective app store.
 
If both your devices are sharing the same app provider, and are connected to the same Google Play account or GameCenter Account, your VIP subscription will be shared by both devices.
 
If you have trouble with your VIP subscription, please contact Customer Care via the "Contact Us" button.
]]> Visit Atari's Privacy Policy to learn more about our privacy policy, or tap on the corresponding button in the Settings Menu.
]]> Visit the Terms of Services to learn more about our Terms of Services, or tap on the corresponding button in the Settings Menu.
]]> Level up by gaining Experience Points from missions you complete. When you level up, you unlock new cards. Every unlocked card can appear when opening card packs.
Note that cards are not necessarily received when they are unlocked - you still need to obtain them by opening new packs.

]]> Packs contain different amounts of cards, eventually including cards from different rarities. Generally, the bigger the pack, the higher the drop rate for rare or epic cards.
Also, the amount of cards contained within a pack depends on your level. Throughout your progression, the packs will become bigger and bigger.

]]> There are many different places to get card packs in the game:
 
Free packs: you can claim one every 4 hours. They contain few cards and few chances at getting rare cards.

Reward packs: earned while completing a mission. Their size and content change depending on the difficulty of the mission.

Ticket packs: acquired via tickets through the shop. They provide more chances to drop rarer cards.

Premium packs: acquired with real money through the shop. Their size varies according to their price but they all have good chances of dropping rare and epic cards.

]]> Card drop rate is random, but recently unlocked card have the highest chances of dropping. Due to this, we cannot guarantee that you will receive cards that you are missing to complete a collection. 
 
We do not have control over this, as this is an in-game mechanic. It's all about luck! 
]]> Use cards to place buildings in your park. First, you need to find an unlocked card. Once you have it, open the Build menu, choose the item you want, and drag its card from the menu into the park.
]]> Cards are unlocked when you reach a certain level, but after that, you need to find the card in a card pack to be able to place it. They also have a placement cost (in Coins), so make sure you have enough. There is a limitation of how many of each item you can place. Upgrading your cards will allow you to place more.
]]> The card upgrade system is an important aspect of the game. It allows buildings to become more efficient - allowing better coin storage and more Peeps at the same time - along with giving you a lot of Experience Points, which lets you level up more quickly and unlock even more cards. 
Upgrading a card also adds to the number of copies of that same item you can place in your park. The exception to this is coasters - you can only place one of each coaster type in your park.

Any upgrade requires a number of Coins and some cards. Each rarity has a different amount of Coins and cards required and gives a different amount of experience. The rarest cards have fewer upgrade levels than the most commons. 
]]> The game has three card rarities, and the maximum levels are as follows: 
Common: up to level 12.

Rare: up to level 10.

Epic: up to level 8.

Some special cards, like Trophies, can't be upgraded like normal cards, or just can't be upgraded at all. If there is no gauge at the bottom of the card, it cannot be upgraded.
]]> The Excitement of a ride provides Fun to the Peeps. The outcome is influenced by the Intensity preference of each Peep. If the ride fits their preferred intensity, they receive more Fun from it. If it's too intense, they get less Fun.
]]> Kids rides are less intense, they go slower, and provide less Fun. Coaster and thrill rides, on the other hand, are high in Excitement, but also in Nausea. The Intensity of a ride makes the Excitement and Nausea level vary. Peeps react in a more positive way if they board an activity of their preferred intensity. Be sure to please everyone.
]]> The Nausea of a ride drops the Hygiene level of the Peeps. The outcome is influenced by the Intensity preference of Peep. If the ride fits their preferred intensity, their Hygiene drops less. If it's too intense, they lose a lot of Hygiene. Using Bathrooms fully restores Hygiene to its max level.
]]> When in the Build menu, tap on a card to access all its stats. 
]]> When a card has been used, tap on the building in the park to open its Info panel. Tap on the Info Button to access detailed stats regarding the economic performance of the ride. Some stats appear only on placed rides, and not on the corresponding card because they depend on the surrounding environment in which the ride is placed.
]]> You are allowed to own a certain number of copies of each card. The maximum is calculated based on all the cards that are needed to upgrade that item, plus a little extra. Once you've reached this max amount, all extra cards you receive will be turned into Coins. The Coin value of a card depends on its rarity.

You can notice during a pack opening that some cards will show a golden gauge and a golden flag, stating how many copies were turned to Coins.
 
This will happens even if your card is not upgraded to the max level, but you have enough copies to do it.
]]> Because we added so many cards to the game over the past updates, we decided to separate the Build Menu into new categories for easier navigation!
 
Here is the new structure of the Build Menu :
Attractions

Coaster

Blueprint

Rides

Service (Shops, Restaurants, Utilities, Entertainers)

Decoration

Foliage

Theme

Seasonal

Trophies

Flags

Composites

Customization

Color

Each sub-category lets you navigate in tabs to filter the cards.
 
Note: you can go back to the sub-category selector any time by tapping the RED ARROW on the right side of the screen, or by tapping on the category on the left side of the screen.
]]> Each Peep has 3 main stats, that decrease over their time in the park:
 

Fun: Refilled by boarding rides and buying items in shops

Hygiene: Refilled by using restrooms

Satiety: Refilled by eating in restaurants

If one of these stats reaches zero, your Peep will leave the park unsatisfied. 
]]> Each Peep has their own profile: age, ride intensity preference, and favorite food. To fulfill all your Peeps' needs, build a balanced park with different types of attractions - from rides for children to giant coasters. Make sure to also space out rides of the same type, and restaurants of different cuisine in your park to get a better overall satisfaction. Also, Toilets side-by-side are never a good thing.
]]> The Information Center will boost the attractiveness of the rides in their range, resulting in increased load. Having many Info Centers cover much of your park will also boost the Overall Satisfaction. 
]]> If you see a Peep with a red thought bubble, that Peep is unhappy. Tap on them to see what is wrong and try to solve their problem. Generally, this occurs when your buildings are not connected to a path, the price of a ride is too high or a building is already full of Peeps. 
You can also check the Overall Satisfaction details at the top of the screen to see if some needs are specifically problematic. 

]]> Building your own coaster is the best way to let your imagination go wild! When you complete the collection of cards needed for a coaster type, you can start building it.
To do so, check the Build menu, and drag the Custom coaster card into your park, then enter the Edit mode. Trace the desired track by dragging the first node of your coaster wherever you want, eventually looping to the end back at the station. Once the track is traced, you can select each node individually to modify position, height, or angle, and even delete it, or add a Special Insert.

The length of the track is limited by the Base Set card level. Upgrade that card to make a longer coaster.

]]> To add some loops or some water splashes to your coaster, select a node in the coaster creator mode, tap on "Special insert" and choose the one you want to add. 
 
The amount you can place on a single coaster is limited. Upgrade that special insert card to place more. 

Be careful, special inserts add Excitement, but also add Intensity and Nausea to your coaster. Don't forget that a coaster with an Intensity that's too high will not have many riders.  
 
Note that any special insert will increase the coaster length, so you need to keep an eye to the limit that you have. 
]]> To add special inserts if you are creating your coaster for the first time, you need to tap any node prior to the last one. The editor will not allow you to add special inserts in the last node that was placed. If you have already created the coaster, just tap any node, except the last one, to add your inserts. Note that any special insert will increase the coaster length, so you need to keep an eye to the limit that your current length limit.
]]> Each card used in the recipe of your custom coaster adds its own stats to the total. Adding special inserts, or a train or a station modifier increases the stats of the base set. There is also a value added for the design of the track layout. 
 
The perfect design for each coaster varies - it's a challenge to find the perfect recipe. Wooden and Hyper coasters should have a lot of bunny hops and air time. Steel and Inverted coasters should include a lot of special insert and inversion.  Accelerator should well...be really fast, and not last too long or else they get too intense. Winged and Inverted coasters should be a good balance of many factors: drops, inversion, speed, height, and banking.
]]> For a given coaster type, you need to assemble the entire collection of coaster pieces, containing: a base station, a base train, Â a base track and a chain lift. These are individual cards that can be received from packs, and further upgraded to increase their stats. Each coaster type requires its own collection of base pieces. Keep leveling up and opening packs to find the missing pieces.
]]> Air time happens when Peeps experience negative G-force and feel lifted from their seats, as the train passes over a hill at high speed. The first hill and drop are never considered as air time since the train passes over it at a minimal speed. Make sure to make bunny hops (or hills and drops) to maximize your air time.
]]> Coaster Special Insert, Train, and Station modifiers drop as Weekly Coaster Challenge rewards and on premium card packs acquired from the shop. Base set cards still drop in any kind of pack: the free daily pack, video ads packs and mission rewards. 
 
Be sure to complete your Weekly Coaster Challenge to get more of these cards. Consult the Mission Menu on the Challenge tab to see your current challenge. 
]]> Weekly Coaster Challenges are longer and harder missions that will ask you to build a specific type of coaster and fulfill different goals. All the goals must be achieved to complete the Challenge. Challenges are a kind of puzzle, where you have to try different designs and be creative to fulfill all the Challenge requirements. Each week will bring a new Challenge that will adapt to your level.
 
A Coaster Challenge can ask you to have a coaster of a certain length, a maximum height, or place a specific Special insert or Train, etc. Any coaster stat can become a goal!
 
You can complete Challenges by editing the coaster you currently have in your park, or by building new ones. Once a coaster fulfills all goals you can claim your reward: Special Insert or Trains and Stations cards. The reward must be claimed before the timer expires or else you will lose it. 
 
Consult the Mission Menu on the Challenge tab to see your current Challenge. 
]]> Some Coaster Challenges will require a Train Modifier or a Station Modifier. 
 
The Station Modifier is a skin that can be added to your roller coaster station. It will boost the Coin storage of your station. 

 
The Train Modifier is a skin that can be added to your roller coaster, like the station, but this one will boost the Max Peep Load of your ride, resulting in increased profit.
 
Right now, both are only available during special seasonal. You can get them in free and daily packs, rewards pack, and in any pack in the shop. They have a greater chance to drop in Coaster Card packs and Seasonal Packs.
 
To assign them, enter the Coaster Edit mode, and tap on the Train or the Station icon of the Tool panel. Then simply drag the card you want to assign in the park.
]]> Blueprints are pre-made coaster designs that you can assign to a placed coaster. They are cards that can drop in Weekly Coaster Challenge rewards, or in packs bought in the shop, like the Coaster pack - but they are very rare!
 
To craft them, you need the full list of cards that compose the design of the coaster: the full base set of the coaster type, and any special insert, train or station modifiers. You can see what cards are needed in the build menu.
 
To assign them, select a placed coaster. Tap on the crane button, then on the Blueprint button. From there you can drag a valid blueprint on the scene to assign it and see the result. Exit the menu to validate or cancel your choice.
]]> If you made a coaster you really like and want to keep for later, you can save its design as your very own custom blueprint.
 
You can do so in two ways:
 
After testing your coaster in the park editor, tap on the Save button.
From the Assign Blueprint menu, accessed by selecting a placed coaster. Tap on the crane button, then on the Blueprint button.  The first item on the list is the button to save your design. This will create a card in the list of Blueprints that you can drag to re-assign when you want.
 
Note that you can only save one design by coaster type. If there is already a blueprint saved, it will ask for a confirmation to replace the already-placed design.
]]> Yes! While in the coaster editor you can undo your last action, by tapping the undo button.
You can undo up to 15 actions.
If you quit the editor, your last action will not be saved.
]]> The money generated by buildings depends on how well you manage your park. The key is to attract more Peeps and make them stay longer by fulfilling their needs. Keep them happy, invest in new rides to have diversity, and adjust the entry fee of rides, and Peeps will rush into your Park. 
]]> If you feel like you're frequently running out of Coins, there are a few different solutions:
 
Upgrade your buildings: This is the best way to increase your income, as upgraded buildings produce more Coins and have larger storage capacity to collect them while you are away.

Build more buildings: This is generally less expensive than upgrading your buildings, but it will generate fewer Coins than new rides or upgraded rides.

Change the cost of your park entrance and rides: A cheap price will lower your income and make Peeps happier. Be careful, setting too high a price for a ride will decrease the number of Peeps choosing it.

Acquire Coins packs in the shop: The quickest and easiest way to earn Coins. This allows you to build and upgrade buildings more quickly, and increase your income significantly.

]]> Tickets are the secondary currency in the game. They have different purposes and can be earned as mission rewards or acquired from the shop. Use them to:
 

Complete missions: Instant mission reward (Skip mission while still getting the reward)

Acquire card packs: The card packs acquired with Tickets have a higher drop rate for rare cards (but still lower than the premium card packs).

]]> Like Coins, Experience is at the core of the game. With every new level you reach, you unlock new cards and increase the potential of each card pack. Overall, leveling up will make you able to gather more Coins and progress further. 
There are 2 ways to earn experience: completing missions and upgrading cards.

]]> There is no difference. The value on the heatmap and your building stats are the same. The heat map shows all of them at the same time so you can compare. Both are an indicator of how you well your park is managed overall.  
]]> The Appreciation Hearts are a currency that drops from time to time when you read a thought bubble of a happy Peep (the blue ones and happy faces).  It's their way of rewarding your good management with their love. 
 
You can spend your Hearts on the Special Train, next to the park entrance. This will bring more Peeps to the park and boost your revenues for a limited amount of time.
 
To generate more happy bubbles, make sure you optimize your park :
Have diverse ride types

Have different food types

Lower your park entrance and ride prices

Make sure all your Peeps needs are fulfilled.

Have overall good management so your Peeps are happy when they leave.

]]> The special peep train outside of the park is unlocked once you reach level 25. It costs Appreciation Hearts that can be found by tapping visitors' happy thought bubbles. 
 
Tap on the station to open the menu and start the train. This will consume your Appreciation Hearts.
]]> There are currently two ways to boost your Peep Count and your revenues at the same time. 
 
Marketing campaign: Found at the bottom right corner of the screen, next to the heat maps. You can open the menu by pressing on the Microphone icon. When you start one, it will attract Peeps for a limited amount of time. You can watch a video ad to start a free campaign for a smaller bonus and a shorter timer or spend some Tickets for a longer one with higher bonus. 
 
Special Train: Next to the park entrance, there is a train station. Tap on it to open the menu. To send the train you must spend your Appreciation Hearts. When the train is running it will bring a constant flow of Peeps that will boost your revenue for a limited time. The bonus is higher and the timer longer than Marketing campaigns, but Hearts are scarce resources. 
]]> Fences do not affect the park overall satisfaction. They are only intended to help you decorate your park.
]]> In order to unlock other fence types, you need to unlock every decoration of a collection related to it (Ex: If you unlock every Western decoration, it will unlock the wooden fence).
]]> When in the terraforming menu, you can use the second button (the ERASER) to remove any placed path or fences. Once the eraser is selected, drag on tiles to remove the path or fence. 
 
To draw the path again, select the PATH tool back. 
]]> To clean up your paths, you must place Janitor buildings around your park.
 
Janitors, like other Utilities, have a range they cover. They will roam around their area, looking for trash, and cleaning them as they pass by.
 
Trash will appear only on paths that are not in a Janitor's range. It also appears over time, and the less the park is covered, the faster the new trash will appear. 
 
Make sure that all paths are covered by Janitor buildings. To get more Janitor buildings and increase the range that each Janitor building covers, upgrade your Janitor building card!
]]> Color cards are special cards that are very rare. They are used to recolor your rides, restaurants, shops, and coasters. Each color requires a certain level to unlock them and can drop just once. You can't upgrade them, because they don't have stats. They are purely for customization!
 
3 different colors can be used on a single building. Once you own a color card, you can use it on any building that allows re-coloring.
 
There are classic colors that can be found at any time, and special ones for every season that will drop only during that seasonal event.
 
You can get them in card packs from rewards, daily and free packs and card packs bought from the Shop. You can also acquire all the classic colors (but not the seasonal ones) in the Shop, regardless of their unlock level.
 
Visit the Build menu, in the Decoration category, Color tab to see your current color collection. Have fun and be creative!
]]> Once you own a color card, tap on a ride, restaurant, shop or coaster to open its Information panel, then tap on the Color Icon (the color wheel) to enter the Color menu.
 
You can choose which part of the ride you want to re-color by tapping on the categories on the left side.
 
For rides, restaurants, and shop, the sections are: Main, secondary, and Detail.
 
For coasters: Spine, Rail, and Support. Note that for now, the train and station will also take the assigned color to the track.
 
To assign a color to that section, simply drag the color on the park, or tap on it. 
 
You can also go back to the default one if you don't like the newly applied color, by choosing the first option in the color list. 
]]> The Park Editor mode allows you to easily reorganize your park layout, by temporarily storing items in the new storage box and placing them later for free. The mode unlocks at level 11. 
 
To enter the Park Editor, tap on the Pencil icon on the bottom right corner of the screen. Note that any changes are saved immediately, so be sure to place every item back before leaving.
 
While editing your park, the simulation will pause and Peeps and their thoughts will be hidden, making it easier to move your items around. Once you have finished editing, the simulation will apply to the new layout and recalculate. 
 
Note that while your coin inventory will not be visible in Park Editor mode, the coins from any item that you move or store will be collected automatically. 
 
 
Tools
 
There are several tools available to help you edit quickly:
Tap to remove: While this mode is active, tapping or dragging an object will store it in the box. To move the camera, exit the tool by pressing the button again. This tool is useful for clearing sections of your park without removing anything.

Remove all: This button will clear the whole layout, removing items and putting them in the box, and will clear all paths and fences. 

View filter: This will hide or show only specific categories of assets.

]]> The Park Editor button unlocks at level 11. Before that level, layouts are small enough to be reorganized directly in the park. Note that starting at level 1, you can still remove items from the park and get them back for free using the Storage Box.
]]> If you want to remove an item, either from the Park Editor mode or from your normal park, it will be placed in the Storage Box.
 
You can retrieve an item from the box at any time, while in your normal park or in Park Editor mode. 
In the Build Menu, stored items will display the amount currently in the box, rather than their price.
In the Park Editor mode, the Box Menu will only show stored items, not all cards. It is impossible to buy new items in the Park Editor mode. 
 
To place a stored item, simply drag it into the park.  Replacing a stored item is free since you already purchased it.
]]> If you remove a rollercoaster from your park and put it in the Storage Box,  the whole track will be saved - meaning that when you place the coaster back in your park, it will be exactly how it used to be. 
 
If you want to get rid of your track and start fresh, you can delete the track and keep the station as-is, in its current location, with its current color, and train or station modifier.  To do so, select your rollercoaster, tap on the Edit button, then tap on Delete Track button.
]]> Entertainers are a type of Utility building. You can find them in the Services section of the Build Menu.  They will boost the overall fun of your park. Like other Utilities, they have a range and must be placed carefully to ensure maximum coverage of your paths. 
 
You will also notice that each entertainer will get out of its booth to roam around the area they cover. The Peeps will also acknowledge the entertainers and give you their feedback on them! 
]]> There are currently not enough entertainers to cover the whole park, even once the card level is maxed out. More entertainers will be added in the future, with new themes.
 
Their effect is calculated as a bonus on the overall satisfaction of the park. So having 100% satisfaction is possible without having full park coverage - if you manage your park well. The entertainers are mostly there to help players who need a few more percentage points to reach maximum satisfaction! 
]]> The collector is a new LEGENDARY card!
 
It's a utility building that once placed in your park will gather all the Coins generated by the rides in its range. With this help, you can collect only one building instead of many! Less tapping, more time to build and take care of your park!
 
Note that the Collector works only when you are playing the game. Your rides will still break and lose their Coins if you leave them unattended for too long.
 
You can find Collectors in normal card packs, but you need a lot of luck. If you subscribe to be a VIP, you will automatically receive a Collector Card EVERY MONTH!
]]> Yes, dear players! We've heard you! The Auto-collect feature is here!
 
The Park Office is a new landmark building like the Special Peep Train, that sits on the left side of your park, just outside the boundaries. By spending Appreciation Hearts It will collect ALL YOUR BUILDINGS at the same time. You can use it as much as you want, as long as you have the required Hearts.
 
It's unlocked a bit later in the progression. So keep on building... your salvation is near! Or invest in Collectors if you can find the card! 
]]> The Mall is a landmark situated outside of the park boundaries. 

Every day, it will offer a new selection of cards to acquire using Appreciation Hearts, Coins or Tickets. Their prices depend on the rarity of the card. Every time you buy a card, their price will increase.
 
Once a day, the selection of cards is refreshed and the prices will reset. You can also refresh the cards and their price instantly by spending Tickets.
 
A different card of Rare or higher value is offered each weekend. You will be able to see which one in advance, so save your resources during the week. Refreshing the daily card offers will not affect the weekend special.
]]> The Trading Fair is a landmark situated outside of the park boundaries. It will allow you to exchange a surplus of cards you are not using for a card of a greater rarity. The trade requires a certain amount Appreciation Heart to be used, depending on the rarity of the card you are exchanging.
 
A stack of common cards will give you a rare card.
Rare cards will give epic ones.
Epics ones will give a legendary card.
Legendary cards can be traded for special cards, like colors or blueprints.
 
You won't know in advance what will come out of the trade, it's a surprise! You can even get a card you don't own yet!
]]> The Billboard is a landmark building situated outside the park boundaries on the right side of the parking lot. It will allow you to watch video ads to get free Tickets. This can be done a limited number of times per day since there is a timer that counts down before you are able to watch another ad.
]]> Composite Decorations are a pre-made assemblage of decorations that will help you decorate your park more quickly. They come corner, straight, cross and plaza pieces that you can mix and match to surround your rides or decorate your paths.
 
Unlike normal decorations, Composite can be re-colored with 3 up to colors. To do so, select the Composite, tap on the color wheel and assign it color, just like you do with rides. Every color card you own can be used on a Composite.
 
Composites have better decoration stats and area of effect than if you placed each individual item alone. And they do not require you to own the individual pieces to be able to place it. They are stand-alone objects. 
 
You will find them in most of the card packs, but completing certain achievements will give you a pack full of Composites.
]]> The Casino is a landmark situated outside of the park boundaries. 

It offers spins of the Wheel for a chance to win different rewards. The first spin every day costs Hearts. Subsequent spins cost Tickets.
 
A reward is guaranteed each time you spin the wheel, from a fair amount of gold to a special pack that is usually only available in the shop.
 
Once a day, the selection of rewards is refreshed and the prices will reset. The wheel will also refresh once you have claimed all the rewards it has to offer.
]]> The Heliport is a landmark located outside of the park boundaries, on the opposite side of the park entrance. Tap on it to interact with it.
 
Use it to request extra copies of cards of your choice, in exchange for Hearts. Select the desired card from the card menu. Please note that you can only request Common, Rare or Epic cards that you already own.
 
The helicopter returns after 6 hours and delivers the cards. If you are in a hurry, you can accelerate the process by spending tickets.

When the helicopter has returned, tap on the heliport again to collect your cards, and start a new request.
]]> The Item Locator allows you to quickly find any misplaced attractions or items in your park. It is accessible from each card in the build menu.
 
Select a card in the build menu, and tap on the magnifying glass in the top left corner. This sends you back in the park, at the exact location of the first building placed with the chosen card.
 
From there, when the building is selected, you can use the little left and right yellow arrows on the edges of the building’s menu to cycle through the other instances of the same building in your park. Note that if you only have one instance of a building, the arrows won't be there.
]]> The Buy More lets you quickly buy additional copies of an attraction or building. The feature is accessible from each building’s menu.
 
Select a building or decoration in the build menu that you want to buy. Click on the buy button, and notice that the “Buy More” button has appeared next to the “validate” button. Tap on the Buy More button to instantly validate the placement of the currently bought building, and buy another building of the same type, just next to the previous one you just bought. This is a great way to accelerate the process of decorating your park.
 
You can also make the “Buy More” button appear by editing an existing building or decoration. If you click on Buy More it will validate the location of the current building. Don't worry if you click too fast, no money will be taken unless you press the Buy More button again, or validate your building placement.
]]> In order to have friends in the game, you need to connect to Facebook. You can do so by visiting the Social menu, or the Settings menu. Once you are connected, your Facebook friends who also play the game will automatically be added to the Friends List.
 
You can see the Friends list on the Social menu on the left side of the screen, in the Friends tab. 
 
If you want to have more friends, you can also visit Facebook to join a group of fans. A lot of other players are requesting friends to add. 
 
Know that there is a limit of 25 friends in the game. 
]]> To send a pack of cards to a friend, tap on their face when in the Friends list of the Social menu. This will open a confirmation pop up. There is a little Coin fee for sending such a gift. You can send up to 25 gifts per day, the current count is shown in the bottom right corner of the Friends list. 
 
You must be connected to Facebook to have friends.
]]> When logging back into the game, if you have a gift to claim, the menu will show them to you right away. Simply tap on them to collect them. 
 
If a friend sends you a gift while you are playing, you will have to reload the game to see them and claim them.
 
You cannot exit the claiming menu without having claimed all your gifts. If you don't play for a long time, gifts will stay there until claimed. But there is a limit of gifts you can receive. Gifts exceeding that limit will be lost, so be sure to log in frequently to claim them. 
]]> When connected to Facebook, enter the Social menu to see your Friends list. By tapping on their profile photo, you will be offered the possibility to visit their park. 
 
When visiting their park, you can tap on buildings displaying gift bubbles to get some free Coins, Appreciation Hearts, Tickets if you are lucky, and even a free pack of card. 
 
You can collect 25 gifts per day, 5 max per friends, and a maximum of 1 pack of cards.
 
If you manage to find a pack of card in a friend's park, they will also receive one.
 
You can't interact with your friend's park, only admire it. 
]]> The Photo Booth is a utility building that you receive after connecting to Facebook. It lets you take screenshots of your park and share it on Facebook. You will receive the card when connecting your game to Facebook for the first time. 
 
Once owned, you can find the Photo Booth card in the Build menu under the Service category Utility tab. You need to place it and connect it with a path to access the Screenshot feature. You also need to be connected to Facebook to access the feature.
 
To enter the Screenshot mode, simply tap on the placed Photo Booth to open its Information Panel and tap on the camera icon. 
 
You will need to allow access to your phone media storage to be able to save the screenshot in your device. 
 
The Photo Booth is a special card that can be obtained only once and does not level up.
]]> To enter the Screenshot mode, tap on a placed Photo Booth and tap on the camera icon of its Information Panel. 
 
In the Screenshot mode, you will be able to move the camera around like in your normal park by dragging to pan, pinching to zoom, and twisting to rotate.
 
To apply a filter and a frame, just tap on the filter menu and select your choice. You can still adjust the camera position with the frame on. 
 
Tap the aperture button when you are ready. You can then save your picture in your device (if access to device's media is authorized) or share it on Facebook. 
]]> New photo filters have been introduced in the Photo Booth. To unlock them you will have to complete diverse objectives, a bit like the achievements. For example, seasonal filters get unlocked when you obtain your first seasonal card of that season.
 
To know how to unlock each filter, tap on it. It's unlocked condition will be displayed. Once a filter is unlocked, it can be used anytime, as long as your game is connected to Facebook.
]]> Seasonal content is first made available at Level 1 to 6. Starting then, Seasonal cards that you unlock can appear randomly in any card pack, including free packs or mission reward packs. As you level up, you’ll unlock more and more Seasonal cards. And when you reach Level 9 you can also buy any Seasonal pack from the shop!
 
For more info on card packs, visit the "Cards" section of the FAQ.
]]> Buying a Seasonal pack gets you a selection of the current season cards that are unlocked at your current level. Some cards require a higher level in order to be unlocked, and will only appear in packs after you’ve hit that level.
 
Please note: You will receive a random selection of current season assets, including multiples of cards in order to level them up. You may not necessarily receive all the cards from the current season set at once.
For more info on the RCT Touch Store, visit the “Cards” and “Billing” section of the FAQ.
]]> You will find color cards by opening card packs – same as with the other Seasonal assets from the set. They can drop in any free pack or mission reward pack, or in the Season special pack in the shop. Once you have found a color, you can select items in your park and apply the color to it.
 
For more info on Color Cards, visit the “How Can I Use Color Cards” FAQ.
]]> During a Seasonal Event, you will be able to get Peep and Revenue bonuses from your Park Entrance.
 
To get a bonus you will have to collect and upgrade cards of the current Season. The more upgrades you make, the bigger your bonus will be.
 
The bonus is divided in 10 brackets. In addition to this bonus, you will get rewards for reaching a specific amount of levels in your seasonal cards:
5 levels : +10% peeps and revenue + 10 tickets

15 levels : +20% peeps and revenue + Card Pack

30 levels : +30% peeps and revenue + 10 tickets

50 levels : +40% peeps and revenue + Card Pack

75 levels : +50% peeps and revenue + 10 tickets

105 levels : +60% peeps and revenue + Card Pack

140 levels : +70% peeps and revenue + 10 tickets

180 levels : +80% peeps and revenue + Card Pack

225 levels : +90% peeps and revenue + 10 tickets

275 levels : +100% peeps and revenue + Card Pack

]]> Unfortunately, we don't handle or control the transactions. Contact your app service provider for a refund.
Apple Support 

Android Support

]]> To disable in-app purchases, or adjust password protection settings, use your mobile device's setting. This will vary according to your device's brand.
 
Apple setting

Android setting

]]> Visit Atari's Privacy Policy to learn more about our privacy policy, or tap on the corresponding button in the Settings Menu.
]]> TAP and DRAG to move the camera.
PINCH and SPREAD to zoom in and out.
ROTATE with two fingers to rotate the camera. 
]]> All your cards can be found in the BUILD MENU.
Cards are sorted by CATEGORIES, SUB- CATEGORY and in TABS.
 
Tap on the CATEGORY to the left of the screen to see the SUB-CATEGORY selector.
Tap on a SUB-CATEGORY to see the list of cards.
Tap on TABS to filter different card collections.

When on a list of cards, you can tap on the RETURN (Red Arrow) button, to the right of the TABS, to go back to the SUB-CATEGORY selector.
You can also tap on the CATEGORY on the left side, anytime. This will display the SUB-CATEGORY selector. 
To place the items, DRAG THE CARD  into the park. 
CONFIRM the position.
]]> Peeps need PATHS to access rides and other buildings.
To place a path, tap on the PATH MENU to open it. 
Simply trace a path with your finger, to CONNECT THE PARK ENTRANCE to the placed item. 
To move the camera, select the CAMERA tool. You can drag, zoom and rotate around.
To erase a path, select the ERASE button, and trace with your finger on path tile. 
 
You can change the color of the path, by pressing on the yellow arrow over the path tool and selecting another color. You can trace on the ground or on already placed paths. You can also re-color the entrance tiles that are inside the park.
]]> Missions guide you through the actions you can take in the game.
To see your current mission, open the MISSION MENU. 
When a mission is completed, you can claim its rewards. 

A new mission will be automatically generated.
Missions are only available for a limited time and will be replaced if the timer ends.
You can complete a mission and claim the reward right away by spending Tickets.
Check the mission menu often, especially if you are out of things to do.
]]> Rides generate COINS but have limited STORAGE.
Come back and collect Coins before the storage is full, or the ride will eventually BREAK.
Tap on the COLLECT bubble.
Rides will generate more Coins if a lot of Peeps visit them.
You can adjust the entrance prices to maximize your profit, but Peeps will refuse to board rides they judge as too expensive.
]]> You can INTERACT with any item placed in your park. Simply select it.
Look at the ride's INFORMATION PANEL: you can move the ride, change the entrance fee, check its storage and even review its detailed stats.
Detailed stats display Excitement, Intensity and Nausea, and other performance indicators.
Peeps appreciate different TYPES of rides. 
A ride with a high EXCITEMENT level provides more FUN. 
A Ride with a high level of NAUSEA decreases hygiene and increases Peep's need to go to the bathrooms.
Tap on any STAT to view an explanation.  
]]> The header displays information about how well you manage your park. Tap on any stats for more info. 
PEEP SATISFACTION represents how satisfied your Peeps are about their visit.

PEEP COUNT reveals the composition of your visitors: kids, teens, and adults.

Depending on their age, Peeps prefer different types of rides. Make sure to have enough diversity!

PARK VALUE shows how much you have invested by BUILDING activities, but also by UPGRADING cards, and EXPANDING your land.

Diversity and the quality of decorations are key to attracting more Peeps. 
 
Happy Peeps stay longer in your park, generate more revenue, and even recommend your park to other Peeps!
 
HAPPY PEEPS is the key to YOUR SUCCESS! 
]]> To upgrade a card, tap on it in the BUILD MENU to open the card details, then tap on the UPGRADE button.
Each upgrade increases the card's STATS and therefore its PERFORMANCE in the park.

Each upgrade requires a certain AMOUNT of cards. Be aware that the next upgrade for a given item will require more cards. 
Note that when you upgrade a card, all the corresponding items placed in your park are upgraded.
Tap on the UPGRADE button to proceed.  
Upgrading a card also allows you to place more copies of the same item in your park.
]]> DECORATED rides provide MORE FUN to Peeps. They also boost their attractiveness.
Try to place a decoration near a ride. Optimize placement so it touches more than one ride.
Rides appear in blue when they receive a FUN BONUS from a nearby decoration. 
]]> Utility buildings will make your park management easier.
To find them, tap on the SERVICE category in the Build menu, then on the UTILITY tab.
 
INFORMATION CENTER :  
Rides in range of the Info Center will attract more peeps.

Having many will boost the overall satisfaction.

RIDE MAINTENANCE : 
Rides in range have higher durability and take longer to break.

Place the Maintenance Building near rides, to cover as many rides as possible. Note how rides in range appear in blue (and don't forget to connect them to paths). 

JANITOR :
Will reduce the negative impact of the ride's Nausea by boosting hygiene.

Will remove trash from the path.

If your park gets dirty, Hygiene will drop quickly.

]]> HEATMAPS display trends to help you manage park FINANCES and Peep SATISFACTION. To view, tap the Heatmap menu in the bottom right.
SATISFACTION value represents the boost of Fun, Food or Hygiene delivered by rides, restaurants, shops, and bathrooms, to each Peep interacting with them.

REVENUE displays the number of COINS generated by rides, restaurants, and shops per hour. Don't forget to check the park entrance too! 

PEEP LOAD indicates how busy rides and services are. Full capacity means more revenue, but also a need to build more rides or services. 

PARK VALUE indicates the contribution of every ride, service or decoration to your park's overall value. Each individual score includes the construction cost, but also the card upgrade cost. 

DECORATION shows how your rides are boosted by surrounding decorations. Remember that decorated rides provide a Fun boost to Peeps and a load boost.

]]> COLLECTION : 
Coaster cards are found in the Build menu, under the Coaster category, and are separated in type by tabs.

To build one, you need to complete its SET OF CARDS: the Train, the Station, the  Track, and the Chain Lift. 

Once a set is completed, drag the Custom coaster card on the park to build it.

Roller coasters can be large. Choose a spot with enough room around the station, and VALIDATE.

 
COASTER CREATION : 
To start creating the TRACK, simply DRAG the first highlighted node, and DRAW.

Continue drawing towards the station's other end, and CONNECT your track to it.

TAP on a track NODE to select it and modify it.

To create a hill, drag the Height button up to raise the track. 

To smooth curves, Drag the BANKING button left or right.

Tap away to DESELECT the current node and get a global view.

To reopen a track, tap on REMOVE LAST node, and draw from there.

To validate an open coaster, tap on the validate button. Note that coaster with open tracks will not be considered as valid and will not generate revenue.

To re-edit an existing coaster, tap on its station, then on the Edit button

 
SPECIAL INSERT :
SELECT a node where you want to add it.

Tap on the ADD SPECIAL menu to open it.

DRAG a Special Insert card that you own to ADD it around the current node. Note that you can tap on a card to review its stats, and check how it would impact your coaster.

You can EDIT a Special Insert just like any node, or DELETE it by selecting it.

]]> Sometimes, the simulation will just stop working. We are currently investigating the issue. The rides will stop generating Coins, and the heatmaps will show values of zero for a lot of stats.
 
Normally, moving an existing ride, or placing a new one will force the simulation to recalculate. This can take seconds to minutes, depending on the size of the park, but the result will eventually show.
 
Restarting the app is also another way to fix the problem.
 
If this does not work. Please contact our Customer Care via the "Contact Us" button.
]]> We're sorry about the issue. We're investigating it and hope to have a fix soon. Please contact our Customer Care via the "Contact Us" button, and send us this info:
 
Device model and OS version?
Player ID (You can find it in the Settings menu or the loading screen). 
Were you connected to Game Center, or only Facebook?
]]> We're sorry about the issue. We're investigating it and hope to have a fix soon. Please contact our Customer Care via the "Contact Us" button, and send us this info :
 
Device model and OS version?
Player ID (You can find it in the Settings menu or the loading screen). 
Were you connected to Game Center, or only Facebook?
]]> We're sorry about that issue. We're investigating it and hope to have a fix soon. Please contact our Customer Care via the "Contact Us" button, and send us this info:
 
Device model and OS version?
Player ID (You can find it in the Settings menu or the loading screen). 
The coaster type you were editing
The action you were trying to do or did last. If it was modifying a special insert, please state which one.
 
Normally, completely removing the faulty coaster and building it fixes the problem.
]]> We made many modifications and bug fixes to the coaster in update 5. Now, coasters that are unfinished or whose track exceeds the allowed limit will not be considered as a valid coaster and will not open to receive Peeps. When a coaster is not valid, the track will be hidden, but the station stays there with an "unfinished" icon over it.
 
Some players had existing tracks that exceeded the limit because of bug related to adding special inserts. The update made the track invalid and invisible.
 
If you go back into the edit coaster mode, you will see that your track is still there and saved.  Modify it so its length respects the length limitation and you will be able to open it again. 
]]> Some players with new devices that have new screen ratios, like 18.5:9, are experiencing issues with game menus not adapting to the format. This is a known issue with the Samsung Galaxy S8.

It seems that the issue can be corrected if you change the display resolution of your device:

1. Go to your device's Settings.
2. Select Display.
4. Tap on Screen Resolution.
5. Move the blue dot over to WQHD (2960 per 1440) or other resolutions, depending on the device.
6. Reload the game.

You can also try the following:

1. On your phone, open the settings menu (either from the shortcut in the app drawer or from the notification shade), then go into the Display section.
2. Find and tap on the Full-screen apps option to enable or disable. You’ll see a list of all the installed apps on your phone.

DEPENDING ON YOUR DEVICE

3. Toggle the switch to the "on" position for each app that you want to run in full-screen mode.
OR
3. Change your screen resolution from full screen to 16:9 or other, if available.

If either of these methods doesn't fix the issue, please contact Customer Care via the "Contact Us" button.

]]> Scenarios are temporary secondary parks with 3 goals to complete (Bronze, Silver, and Gold).
 
The goals are displayed when selecting a Scenario through the Park Hub and from inside the Scenario by tapping on the goals icon on the left-hand side of the screen. They reward you with Coins, Tickets and Ride Skins to use in the main park.
 
The Scenario goals can only be claimed once. Replaying a scenario will not refresh the rewards.
]]> Currency is shared between the main park and the Scenarios. This means that Coins, Hearts, and Tickets can be earned in a park and used in a different one. 

But the cards you research are only available in Scenarios, meaning you to start a fresh new park every time.
]]> To get more cards in your Scenario park you must use the Research Center on the right side of the screen. 4 different research options are available for you to choose from. Each of them has a different cost and will reward you with a different number of cards.
 
Research takes time to complete, but you can skip some research time by watching an ad. To do so, tap on the RESEARCH CENTER while research is active. Each Research has only 1-time skip available.
 
Note that the Research takes 2 fewer hours for VIP players.
 
Once a Research is completed you will be able to claim the cards.

The cards researched in a Scenario are not shared with the main park. They exist only inside that Scenario.
]]> During a Scenario, the available landmarks are: The Peep Train, the Marketing Campaigns, and the Billboard.
 
Note that the bonuses are lower than in the main park, to keep a consistent difficulty across the different Scenarios.
]]> Not all cards are available in every Scenario.
 
Moreover, the stats and upgrades are different than in the main park. It’s easier to max out a card but it costs more. So, if you can’t complete a goal because of a lack of resources, try it again later when you will have bigger income from your main park.
]]> Each Scenario has a unique twist that challenges your park management skills. Do not rely only on the way you manage your main park; some Scenarios require you to completely change the way you build your park to succeed. 
]]> Every time you get a new medal in a Scenario (after claiming the rewards) they will be reported in your Park Value. The value of the medals is way above the coins you will invest in the Scenario, which makes it a great way to climb the leaderboard.
 
Medals Value :
Bronze : 50,000,000

Silver : 250,000,000

Gold : 1,000,000,000

]]> To unlock a Mini-Game you need to own the corresponding ride and place it in your park.
Currently the rides with Mini-Games are: The Joystick Arcade, Fortune Teller, Water Gun, Whack-A-Mole and the Hammer Game.
]]> There are 2 ways to access Mini-Games.
You can either select any 1x1-sized ride and tap on the Mini-Game icon, or you can tap on the Mini-Game icon above the park entrance to access the Mini-Game Panel.
While in the Mini-Game panel you can use the arrows on both sides to cycle through the Mini-Games.
]]> The cost of each Mini-Game is independent. The first game of every Mini-Game is free, then it raises up to a cap, as follows:
Free
1.000 coins
10.000 coins
100.000 coins
1.000.000 coins
The cost to play reset every day.
]]> During Mini-Games, you score points that are displayed on the left-hand side of the screen. Each time you score a hit a bar in the gauge you will be rewarded with a ticket!
You can have a maximum of 3 tickets per game.
]]> While connected to Facebook, you will be able to see your 3 best friends' high scores next to the scoreboard. Additionally, your own high score is displayed on the left side of the scoreboard.
]]> Build your city and operate your transit fleet to keep your world growing and moving with Transit City Touch™, an exciting transportation management and city builder game with beautiful 3D graphics and an innovative contract-based system.
From the creative studio behind the smash hit mobile game RollerCoaster Tycoon® Touch™, Transit City Touch tasks players to manage the intricacies of city transportation by moving commuters, travelers and vital cargo efficiently throughout your city.

Grow and advance your city by creating, refining and upgrading your transit empire and open card packs full of vehicles, buildings and more to create a thriving metropolis!

Genre: Simulation
 
GAME FEATURES
Build Your City: Place a wide variety of residential, industrial, and commercial buildings as the bones of your city, all capable of being leveled up to accommodate a growing populace.

Complete Projects: Take on contracts like staffing factories and stocking store shelves to help keep businesses prosperous and attract more people to your city.

Amass Your Card Collection: Open packs of cards to find rare and epic items such as towering skyscrapers, new buildings, vehicles and more. Use cards to grow your city further, or level up existing buildings and vehicles.

Stunning Retina 3D Graphics: Watch your bustling city come to life in beautiful 3D graphics and enjoy every skyscraper, bus lane and street lamp in high resolution.

Challenging Missions: Complete exciting objectives such as growing your city population and expanding your company value to level-up and access new vehicles and landmarks to build.

GAME REQUIREMENTS
iOS:
Requires iOS 9.0 or later. 
Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch

Android:
Requires Android 4.4 and up

 

Developer / Studio: 
Nvizzio Creations
Release Date: 
Thursday, February 23, 2017

 
]]> The game requires you to have the following specs on your device in order to be able to play it. 
iOS: 1GB of RAM and iOS 9.0 or later

Android:  1GB of RAM and OS 5.0 or above

Please note that devices with other operating systems, like Fire OS, are not currently supported.
]]> Yes, a stable internet connection is required to play the game. 
]]> There is currently no way to restart and erase a saved game. But you can play with a different account. You can also disconnect from Facebook, uninstall and reinstall the game. 
 
If you are stuck, please contact our Customer Care via the "Contact Us" button.
]]> You can turn the music and sound effects on and off in the Settings menu.
]]> Please contact our Customer Care via the "Contact Us" button. Do not hesitate to attach screenshots of the issue in the ticket, this would help the developers to fix the bug. Your support is really appreciated.
]]> We suggest connecting to Facebook inside the game to have your progress saved online.
To connect to Facebook, open the Settings menu on the top-right side of the screen.
 
If it does not work, please, contact our Customer Care via the "Contact Us" button.
]]> The game requires you to have the following specs on your device in order to be able to play it. 
iOS: 1GB of RAM and iOS 9.0 or later

Android:  1GB of RAM and OS 5.0 or above

Please note that devices with other operating systems, like Fire OS, are not currently supported.
]]> Yes, a stable internet connection is required to play the game. 
]]> There is currently no way to restart and erase a saved game. But you can play with a different account. You can also disconnect from Facebook, uninstall and reinstall the game. 
 
If you are stuck, please contact our Customer Care via the "Contact Us" button.
]]> You can turn the music and sound effects on and off in the Settings menu. 
]]> Please contact our Customer Care via the "Contact Us" button. Do not hesitate to attach screenshots of the issue in the ticket, this would help the developers to fix the bug. Your support is really appreciated. 
]]> We suggest connecting to Facebook inside the game to have your progress saved online.
To connect to Facebook, open the Settings menu on the top-right side of the screen.
 
If it does not work, please, contact our Customer Care via the "Contact Us" button.
]]> DRAG with one finger on the screen to move the camera.
 
DRAG up or down with two fingers to tilt the camera.
 
PINCH or SPREAD with two fingers to zoom in or out.
 
ROTATE with two fingers to turn the camera on a pivot.
]]> All of the cards are located in the BUILD MENU which is located at the lower left side of the screen.
 
Cards are sorted by CATEGORY.
 
Tap on the CATEGORY to see the list of cards TYPE.
 
Tap on card TYPE to get the card levels.
 
Tap and drag the card from the BUILD MENU into the city to place the building.
 
Tap on the Checkmark to validate the placement and confirm the purchase.
 
It takes TIME to build a city, once the building finishes the construction, you can INTERACT with it.
]]> You can INTERACT with any Building placed in your City simply by tapping on it.
 
The RADIAL MENU provides you with a list of actions.
 
The MOVE button allows you to move the building to another location. Moving the building does not cost extra COINS.
 
The UPGRADE button takes you into the UPGRADE MENU, where you can improve the stats of the building.
 
The INFO button shows you the current stats of the building.
 
For HUBS only, the VEHICLE MANAGEMENT button allows you to manage the vehicles inside the Hub. 
]]> Vehicles are managed by Hubs. Each Hub has a limited amount of vehicle slots to use. Upgrading a Hub increases the number of vehicle slots it has.
 
Tap on the Hub to access its RADIAL MENU
 
Tap on the VEHICLE MANAGEMENT button to start assigning vehicles
 
The BOTTOM MENU is similar to building placement:
 
Tap on Vehicle TYPE to get the card levels.
 
Drag the vehicle level you want to an empty SLOT to assign it.
]]> HOUSE: Provides SHOPPERS and WORKERS.
 
STORE: Requires GOODS and SHOPPERS.
 
FACTORY: Provides GOODS and requires WORKERS.
 
HUB: Contains vehicles which transport the PEOPLE and GOODS around the city.
 
PARK: Reduces POLLUTION, which increases the ENVIRONMENT points and boosts the CITY SATISFACTION.
]]> CONTRACTS are generated when people in your City have Needs to fulfill.
 
CONTRACTS can only be accepted if your city meets all of its criteria. If the city does not meet its criteria, look at the Status Bar at the bottom of the Contract to see what you have to build.
 
When CONTRACTS are available:
 
Tap on the CONTRACT BUBBLE above the building to bring up the contract menu.
 
Tap on the GO button to start the contract.
 
Tap on the building with requested NEEDS.
 
Once the CONTRACT is completed, it requires TIME to transport the PEOPLE or GOODS to the destination.
]]> CONTRACTS are available through FACTORIES, HOMES, and STORES. Each building type have their own conditions for their CONTRACTS and they are as follows:
 
FACTORIES:
FACTORIES need WORKERS to create GOODS, place a HOME

GOODS need STORES to sell to SHOPPERS, place a STORE

STORES:
STORES need GOODS to receive SHOPPERS, place a FACTORY

STORES need SHOPPERS to sell GOODS, place a HOME

HOMES:
WORKERS need a job to make GOODS, place a FACTORY

SHOPPERS wants to buy GOODS, place a STORE

STORES requires GOODS for HOMES to send SHOPPERS over

]]> Hubs generate COINS but they have a limited STORAGE space.
 
Come back and collect COINS before the STORAGE is full.
 
Tap on the COIN bubble that appears above the Hubs to collect your COINS.
 
Coins can also be collected from the Hub's RADIAL MENU.
 
Hubs generate more COINS if more COMMUTERS or GOODS are being transported.
]]> Missions guide you through the actions you can take in the game.
 
To see your current mission, open the MISSION MENU on the left side of the screen.
 
When a mission is completed, you can claim its REWARDS and a new mission will be automatically generated.
 
Missions are only available for a limited time and are replaced once the time limit has been reached.
 
You can SKIP a mission and claim the reward right away by spending Cash.
 
Check the mission menu often, especially if you are out of things to do.
]]> To upgrade a card, tap on the building then tap on the UPGRADE button.
 
Each upgrade increases the card's STATS and therefore its PRODUCTIVITY in the city.
 
Each upgrade requires a specific AMOUNT of cards.
 
Note that when you upgrade a card, only the selected card is upgraded.
 
Tap on the UPGRADE button to proceed.  
 
Vehicles can only be upgraded in the Vehicle Management view.
]]> Every card in the game has 5 Levels (stars). Each time they are upgraded, it increases the card's STATS and therefore its PRODUCTIVITY in the city.
 
The higher the card and its level, the more UPGRADE POINTS it needs to upgrade.
 
When you upgrade a card, only the selected card is upgraded. The upgrade does not apply to all the cards of the same type.
 
Upgrade a building
Tap on the building within the city.

Then tap on the UPGRADE button.

Drag cards into the center of the screen to use their UPGRADE POINTS.

Once the required amount of points is reached, tap on the UPGRADE button and your card will be upgraded.

Upgrade a vehicles
Tap on the HUB within the City.

Then tap on the VEHICLE button.

Tap on the Vehicle that can be upgraded (upgrade notification)

Drag cards into the center of the screen to use their UPGRADE POINTS.

Once the required amount of points is reached, tap on the UPGRADE button and your vehicle will be upgraded.

While you upgrade buildings directly within the City, vehicles can only be upgraded in the VEHICLE MANAGEMENT view.
 
Every UPGRADE requires time to complete. Once the action is completed, you will gain PROGRESS POINTS (PP)
]]> NEIGHBORHOODS are smaller sections within the CITY.
 
PEOPLE & GOODS can only be transported within their assigned NEIGHBORHOOD. They cannot travel between NEIGHBORHOODS.
 
NEIGHBORHOODS get unlocked as the city gets more and more POPULATION.
 
Within each NEIGHBORHOOD, there are BUILDING LOTS.
 
To acquire more BUILDING LOTS, you must UNLOCK them first by reaching the required LEVEL.
 
Tapping on the BUILDING LOT LOCK ICON reveals its requirement.
 
Once the BUILDING LOTS are UNLOCKED, you can buy them with COINS.
]]> The TOP OF THE SCREEN displays information about how well you manage the city. Tap on any element for more info. The top left shows all the information related to the CITY. The right shows the CURRENCY that you have acquired.
 
COMPANY VALUE shows how much you have invested in BUILDINGS, including all PURCHASES & UPGRADES.
 
POPULATION reveals the composition of your WORKERS & SHOPPERS.
 
CITY SATISFACTION represents how satisfied your POPULATION is with the city. This is calculated based on the ENVIRONMENT & CONTRACTS COVERED.
 
COINS is the common currency in the game.
 
CASH is the rare currency in the game.
]]> Level up by gaining Progress Points from missions you complete or by upgrading cards. When you level up, you unlock new cards. Every unlocked card can appear when opening card packs.
Note that cards are not necessarily received when they are unlocked - you still need to obtain them by opening new packs.
]]> Packs can contain different amounts of cards, including cards from different rarities. Some card packs in the Store can have a higher chance of giving you Rare or Epic cards.
]]> Use cards to add buildings & vehicles in your City.
 
First, you need to find cards in a card pack. Once you have a card you want to place, open the Build menu, choose the card you want, and drag it from the menu into the City.
 
Vehicle cards can only be added in Depots. You can build a new depot for the vehicle if you own the card, or add it to an existing Depot by tapping on the Wheel icon after selecting a depot.
]]> The card upgrade system is an important aspect of the game. It allows buildings and vehicles to become more efficient - increasing revenues - along with giving you a lot of Progress Points, which lets you level up more quickly and unlock even more cards.
Any upgrade requires a number of Coins and some cards. Each card has a different amount of Coins and cards required and gives a different amount of Progress points. The rarest cards have fewer upgrade levels than common cards, but their stats increase a lot more when they are upgraded! 
]]> Cash is an important currency in the game. It has different purposes and can be earned as mission rewards or acquired from the shop.
 
Use it to:
Auto-Complete missions: Instantly get mission rewards (Skip mission while still getting the reward);

Acquire card packs: The card packs acquired with Cash have a higher drop rate for Rare and Epic Cards than the Free Packs or the Mission Packs.

]]> Like Coins, Progress is at the core of the game. With every new level you reach, you unlock new cards and increase the potential of each card pack. Overall, leveling up will make you able to gather more Coins and progress further.
There are 2 ways to earn Progress Points: completing missions and upgrading cards. 
]]> There are many different places to get card packs in the game:
Free packs: you can claim one every 4 hours. They contain few cards and few chances at getting Rare or Epic Cards.

Mission packs: earned while completing a mission.

Common, Rare or Epic Packs: acquired via Cash through the shop. They provide more chances to drop rarer cards.

]]> Cards are unlocked when you reach a certain level, but after that, you need to find the card in a card pack to be able to place it. Cards also have a placement cost (in Coins), so make sure you have enough. There is a limitation of how many buildings you can place in your City. Leveling up will allow you to place more. 
]]> When in the Build menu, tap on a card to access all its stats.
]]> There can be a delay before a transaction is approved. Try closing and reloading the game.  If after 24 hours you still haven't received your purchased content, please contact our Customer Care via the "Contact Us" button.
]]> You should contact your app services provider right away:
Apple Support

Android Support

]]> Visit Atari's Privacy Policy to learn more about our privacy policy, or tap on the corresponding button in the Settings Menu.
]]> Visit the Terms of Services to learn more about our Terms of Services, or tap on the corresponding button in the Settings Menu. 
]]> Unfortunately, we don't handle or control the transactions. Contact your app service provider for a refund.
Apple Support 

Android Support

]]> To disable in-app purchases, or adjust password protection settings, use your mobile device's setting. This will vary according to your device's brand.
Apple setting

Android setting

]]> Sequential Contracts
There are multiple CONTRACT types.
They are only available when specific conditions are met.
 
GOODS are generated in a sequential order.
FACTORIES first make a request for WORKERS from HOMES.

When WORKERS are in a factory, GOODS (like FOOD) will be available.

For a factory to sell its GOODS, STORES are needed.

When STORES have GOODS, they make a request for SHOPPERS from HOMES.

 
New Card Upgrade
Every card in the game has 5 Levels (stars). Each upgrade increases the card's STATS and therefore its PRODUCTIVITY in the city.
 
The higher the card and its level, the more UPGRADE POINTS it needs to upgrade.
 
When you upgrade a card, only the selected card is upgraded. The upgrade does not apply to all the cards of the same type.
 
Upgrade a building
Tap on the building within the city.

Then tap on the UPGRADE button.

Drag cards to the center of the screen to use their UPGRADE POINTS.

Once the required amount of points is reached, tap on the UPGRADE button and your card will be upgraded.

Upgrade a vehicle
Tap on the HUB within the City.

Then tap on the VEHICLE button.

Tap on the Vehicle that can be upgraded (green arrow notification)

Drag cards to the center of the screen to use their UPGRADE POINTS.

Once the required amount of points is reached, tap on the UPGRADE button and your vehicle will be upgraded.

While you upgrade buildings directly within the City, vehicles can only be upgraded in the VEHICLE MANAGEMENT view.
 
Every UPGRADE requires time to complete.
 
Thank you for playing TRANSIT CITY TOUCH!
]]> FLASH BACK TO GREATNESS
Asteroids®, Haunted House®, Adventure™, Major Havoc® and many more! Atari Flashback® Classics brings the iconic games of yesteryear to the powerful machines of today with all new features, including online multiplayer, leaderboards and more. Loaded with 50 games from Atari’s massive library of arcade and home console hits, Atari Flashback Classics is the ultimate anthology for gaming history enthusiasts!

GAME FEATURES
50 CLASSIC Atari games
in each volume

50 classic Atari and arcade titles (on each volume) remastered and bundled on one disc for the PlayStation 4 / Xbox One

TRUE CLASSICS
in a modern format

Includes some of the most popular Atari titles ever released, including Asteroids®, Combat®, Centipede®, Missile Command®, PONG®, Swordquest™, Star Raiders and more

STUNNING
HD quality

Definitive modern editions of these classic games recreate the legendary retro experience on today’s modern consoles (Xbox One and PS4) in stunning High Definition (HD). Show the kids your childhood favorites in the same quality you would expect from a Next Gen console game of today!

COMPETE
across the globe

The Atari Flashback Classics include online play with achievements, global leaderboards, social features and much more

GAME REQUIREMENTS
XB One
PS4
]]>
1. Adventure II (2600)
2. Air Raiders ™ (2600)
3. Aquaventure (2600)
4. Armor Ambush ™ (2600)
5. Asteroids (5200)
6. Astroblast ™ (2600)
7. Atari Baseball (Arcade)
8. Atari Basketball (Arcade)
9. Atari Football (Arcade)
10. Atari Soccer (Arcade)
11. Avalanche (Arcade)
12. Canyon Bomber (Arcade)
13. Centipede (5200)
14. Countermeasure (5200)
15. Dark Cavern ™ (2600)
16. Destroyer (Arcade)
17. Dominos (Arcade)
18. Final Legacy (5200)
19. Fire Truck/Smokey Joe (Arcade)
20. Frog Pond (2600)
21. Frogs and Flies (2600)
22. Holey Moley (2600)
23. International Soccer ™  (2600)
24. Maze Invaders (Arcade)
25. Micro-gammon (5200)
26. Millipede (5200)
27. Miniature Golf (5200)
28. Missile Command (5200)
29. Monte Carlo (Arcade)
30. MotoRodeo (2600)
31. Pool Shark (Arcade)
32. Realsports Baseball (5200)
33. Realsports Basketball (5200)
34. Realsports Football (5200)
35. Realsports Tennis (5200)
36. Realsports Volleyball (5200)
37. Saboteur (2600)
38. Sea Battle ™ (2600)
39. Sky Diver (Arcade)
40. Space Attack™ (2600)
41. Star Raiders (5200)
42. Star Strike™ (2600)
43. Super Breakout (5200)
44. Super Bug (Arcade)
45. Super Challenge ™  Baseball (2600)
46. Super Challenge ™  Football (2600)
47. Sword Fight™  (2600)
48. Wizard (2600)
49. Xari Arena (5200)
50. Yars’ Return (2600)
]]> Customer Support: 0113 328 1187
Open 9 am - 5.30pm UK time, Monday to Friday - Excludes Bank Holidays
support@funstock.co.uk
]]> It does not, AV composite video cables. (Yellow, White, and Red.)
]]> They are provided, yes.
]]> They are not, wireless actually! 
]]> You cannot, it only supports the pre-loaded games built in.
]]> Our refurbished stock is fully boxed as if brand new and any issues with the unit have fixed up to be as close to new as possible. 
]]> Yup! No matter what edition you purchase, where you are from, etc. As long as you purchase an item from our site, it comes with a full 12-month warranty. 
]]> Add rides and scenery to the world’s greatest attractions with the complete RollerCoaster Tycoon 2 collection!
Travel through time, span the globe or simply create the most gut-wrenching roller coasters imaginable. Experience a Jurassic safari, confront a mythical skeleton army and relive the golden age of rock ‘n roll!

Genre: Simulation
 
GAME FEATURES
Includes full versions of:
RollerCoaster® Tycoon 2, RollerCoaster® Tycoon 2 Wacky Worlds Expansion Pack, RollerCoaster® Tycoon 2 Time Twister Expansion Pack

Test your Tycoon skills with 25 amazing Six Flags® coasters and five Six Flags parks including Six Flags Magic Mountain and Six Flags Great Adventure.

Create incredible roller coasters with the amazing Roller Coaster DesignerThrill your guests with over 200 rides and attractions.

Customize your parks with the ultimate collection of themes, including locations from all seven continents and time periods that span the ages.

More than 45 scenarios and three skill levels to challenge both beginners and experts.

Use the Ride Exchange to download thousands of additional coasters created by other Tycoons.

 

GAME REQUIREMENTS
OS MINIMUM:
Windows® 98/Me/2000/XP
CPU: Pentium® II 300 MHz
RAM:64 MB
Video:DirectX® 8.1 compatible
Sound: DirectX® 8.1 compatible
HD:800 MB
Disk:4X CD-ROM
DirectX:DirectX® 8.1 (included)

 

]]> ROLLER COASTER HISTORY
It’s difficult to trace the origins of the thrill ride — for all we know, Stonehenge is just the ruined supports for an early roller coaster. But we do know one thing: that mind-clearing adrenaline buzz you only get from being scared out of your wits is a timeless human endeavor.

The Ice Age

Most coaster historians consider Russian ice slides the forerunners of roller coasters. These large wooden structures, up to 70-feet tall, were popular throughout Russia in the 16th and 17th centuries. Riders would use a wooden sled or block of ice to slide at up to 50 miles-per-hour (mph) down giant ice-covered wooden hills and crash-land into a sand pile at the bottom. Somewhere along the line, a French businessman brought the ice slide idea back to France, perhaps forgetting that Russian-like winters might be a prerequisite for their success. Undeterred, he or someone else developed an all season solution by waxing the sled runners. Eventually, someone swapped wheels for runners, and more ambitious and thrilling tracks were created. In 1817 someone attached the carts to the tracks and dubbed the ride the Russian Mountains of Belleville. It had two tracks that ran next to each other, so riders could race (and onlookers could bet on the outcome).

Runaway Train

The ultimate American thrill ride — past or present — may well have been the Mauch Chunk Switchback Gravity Railroad, in Mauch Chunk, Penn. (now called Jim Thorpe, Penn.). It was the second railroad ever built (1827) in the United States and was originally used to haul coal from mountaintop mines down to the Lehigh River. The track was built so that miners could load mine cars with coal, shove them over the hillside, and let gravity do the rest. Mules, whose job was to pull the cars back up the hill, and a brave, solitary brakeman were apparently the first participants in this nine-mile, hair-raising tear down the mountain. Thrill-seekers soon took notice, and the track was converted to a thrill ride in the afternoons. Eventually, the mules were replaced by a steam engine that hauled the empty cars up a longer, more gradual track. People would pay $1 to ride up the gradual incline, then the steam engine was removed, and the cars were pushed back down the hill, with speeds apparently reaching nearly 100 mph. Now that’s a roller coaster! In 1872, a new tunnel was constructed, which made the track obsolete for coal-hauling. Eventually, a restaurant and hotel were built at the top, and the ride attracted more than 35,000 passengers a year. It continued to operate, with an amazing safety record, until it was closed in 1933.

Upside Down Side

Way back in 1846, an Englishman apparently sold a loop-the-loop coaster ride to the French. This Paris attraction, called the Centrifuge Railway (Chemin du Centrifuge), featured a 43-foot high hill leading into a 13-foot wide loop. The rider would sit in a wheeled cart, pray to the physics gods, and hang on as the car whipped down the hill and through the loop with only centrifugal force keeping the cart and rider on course. Nearly 50 years later, in 1895, Lina Beecher revived the idea with the Flip-Flap Railway, a 25-foot circular loop at Coney Island. The circular design was very unforgiving in the g-force department, and whiplash complaints were no doubt part of the reason why it only lasted a few seasons. In 1901 a man named Edward Prescott built a new looping coaster, also at Coney Island. This ride, called Loop The Loop, was oval-shaped to reduce g-forces. Its low seating capacity, perhaps, was why it only lasted six years.

Getting Real

The first “roller coaster tycoon” was probably La Marcus Thompson, the man who created the Gravity Pleasure Switchback Railway, which opened at Coney Island in 1884. His ride was a 650-foot long wooden structure shaped like the Russian ice slides. Riders would climb a platform, board cars and be pushed down a hill and over a few bumps. At the other end, workers would hoist the car to the top of a second station, riders would board again and coast back in the other direction. The early ride focused more on sightseeing than excitement, so the bench-like coaster cars faced sideways and the ride traveled at a mere 6 mph. But people loved it:Thompson charged just a nickel a ride, and made more than $600 a week. Thompson’s success was an inspiration. In late 1884, a man named Charles Alcoke created a U-shape version of the Switchback ride that did not require riders to unload and reload mid-way. In 1885 Phillip Hinkle added a cable hoisting mechanism. Soon, track-mounted brakes were developed, track designs improved, and the rides began to look and act like modern-day roller coasters. In 1912, coaster designer John Miller, who got his start as LaMarcus Thompson’s chief engineer, patented a design for the under-friction roller coaster. This revolutionary safety advancement made steeper drops and faster speeds possible by holding the cars to the tracks and reducing drag. Miller, a complete coaster tycoon, held over 100 patents on roller coaster devices and designed more than 100 roller coasters. Miller’s safety advances apparently inspired inventors to push design limits even further. Take the infamous Cyclone of Crystal Beach, Ontario, Canada. This ride, designed by Harry Traver in 1927, topped out in the intensity department — often leaving riders with broken ribs or snapped collar bones. (An on-staff nurse was always present.) It failed to profit and was eventually shut down, apparently because more people came to watch others ride it rather than“enjoy” the ride themselves. The Cyclone was not the only roller coaster from this era that didn't last. The Great Depression and World War II saw the decay and destruction of more than 1,500 roller coasters in the United States, and at least that many overseas.

Back on Track

The amusement park industry was given a shot in the arm in 1955 with the opening of the first successful theme park: Disneyland. Disney’s contribution to coaster history was Matterhorn Mountain, the first tubular steel coaster. Steel construction allowed for much faster and more thrilling rides, including the Corkscrew at Knott’s Berry Farm (Buena Park, Calif.), in 1975, and Magic Mountain California’s Great Revolution, built in 1976. Both rides revived the centuries-old novelty of going upside down (this time with proper safety restraints). These led to rides with double loops, triple loops, and combinations of corkscrews, loops, and other elements — the race was on! Since then we’ve seen inverted coasters (cars travel beneath the tracks), linear induction motor coasters (power-launched), “giga-coasters,” (over 300 feet tall), multi-dimensional coasters (free-spinning cars), vertical coasters, air-powered coasters, and more. No one knows what the future will bring, but it’s safe to predict that — whatever it is — it will be faster, taller, longer, scarier, and, best of all more fun.

 

]]> The RollerCoaster Tycoon® 2 CD-ROM game has a ReadMe file where you can view both the License Agreement and updated information about the game. We strongly encourage you to take the time to read this file in order to get the benefit of changes made after this manual went to print. To read this file, double-click on the ReadMe.txt icon in the RollerCoaster Tycoon 2 directory found on your hard drive (usually C:\Program Files\Infogrames Interactive\RollerCoaster Tycoon 2). You can also view the ReadMe file by clicking on the Start button on your Windows® 98/Me/2000/XP taskbar, then select Programs, then Infogrames Interactive, then RollerCoaster Tycoon 2, and then the ReadMe file.
 

]]> Operating System: Windows® 98/Me/2000/XP
Processor: Pentium® II 300 MHz or equivalent

Memory: 64 MB RAM (128 MB recommended)

Hard Disk Space: 120 MB free (200 MB recommended)

CD-ROM Drive: 4X or higher (8X recommended)

Video: Windows® 98/Me/2000/XP-compatible video card*

Sound: Windows® 98/Me/2000/XP-compatible sound card*

DirectX®: DirectX® version 8.1 (included) or higher *Indicates device should be compatible with DirectX® version 8.1 (included) or higher.

 

]]> RollerCoaster Tycoon 2 is all new. Under the hood of the game are new, more efficient program code and many new features. Because of this, saved games from previous versions of the game — RollerCoaster Tycoon, Corkscrew Follies, and Loopy Landscapes — are NOT compatible.
You can import landscapes from older saved games into your scenarios while in the Scenario Editor (see page 57). Most landscape files from previous versions of RollerCoaster Tycoon will load, but some scenery items might look different. It is possible that unpredictable results might arise from importing landscapes from these products. Technical Support cannot help you with these types of issues.

]]> Though it’s possible to control the game using only the mouse, there are a number of keyboard shortcuts that can speed things up. The following are the default key commands. You can reassign any command in the Options menu while playing the game.
Command                                      Key

Close topmost window................... Backspace

Close all floating windows...............Shift + Backspace

Cancel construction mode...............Esc

Pause game..................................Pause

Zoom out.....................................Page Up

Zoom in.......................................Page Down

Rotate View..................................Enter

Rotate construction object..............Z

Underground view toggle................1

Remove base land toggle................H

Remove vertical land toggle............V

See-through ride...........................3

See-through scenery......................4

Invisible supports..........................5

Invisible guests.............................6

Height marks on land.....................8

Height marks on ride tracks............9

Height marks on paths...................0

Adjust land..................................F1

Adjust water................................F2

Build scenery...............................F3

Build paths..................................F4

Build new ride..............................F5

Financial information.....................F

Research information....................D

Rides / Attractions list...................R

Park information...........................P

Guest list.....................................G

Staff list.......................................S

Recent messages..........................M

Show map...................................Tab

Screenshot..................................Ctrl + S

]]> Start A New Game
This is where your fun begins! Click on the Start New Game button and you’re on your way — but you’re not inside the park yet. RollerCoaster Tycoon 2 includes a number of park scenarios. What you see is the Scenario Selection window.

The scenarios are divided into five categories, indicated by tabs. Click on a tab to see the scenarios listed under that category. When you move the mouse cursor over a scenario name, information about that scenario is displayed on the right side of the window, including a summary, objectives, and the name and rating of any player who has completed it before.

Choose a scenario and click on the name to play it. Click on the Close Window button [X] in the upper right corner of the window to go back to the Main Menu without choosing a scenario. When you have completed a scenario, your success and your score are noted in the Scenario Selection window. Scenarios are divided into the following categories:

Beginner Parks – These “entry-level” scenarios will help you get a feel for how the game works, and introduce you to the tools and techniques you’ll need to become a full-fledged tycoon.

Challenging Parks – These scenarios are the next step in your quest to be a tycoon, and will introduce you to further fine-points of park management.

Expert Parks – Want a real challenge? Expert Parks pull out all the stops. If you successfully make it through these thorny trials, you can confidently call yourself a tycoon!

“Real” Parks – These parks were designed from actual real-life parks from around the world. If you have visited any, see if you can find your way around them and, most importantly, keep them running and out of the red.

Other Parks – These scenarios include special parks that fall outside the above definitions.

Note: When you create a scenario, you can assign it to any of the above categories. It will then show up with the other scenarios listed when you start a new game.

 

Load / Continue

Click here if you want to pick up where you left off in a saved game. Tutorial If you want to learn the basics of building and running your own park, or need a quick refresher, we recommend you click on Tutorials first. Tutorials are animated scenarios that feature step-by-step instructions and advice. Clicking on the Tutorials button displays a drop-down menu with the following choices:

Beginners – If you have never played RollerCoaster Tycoon or RollerCoaster Tycoon 2 before, we recommend starting here. If you played the original game but want a refresher course, this should be your first stop.

Custom Rides – Includes tips on making rides and a sneak peek at some new features. Start here if you have played RollerCoaster Tycoon before and feel confident in your park-building abilities.

Roller Coaster Building – Whether you’re an old pro or a newcomer, you can always learn something from the Roller Coaster Building tutorial.

TIP

You don’t have to just sit and watch the tutorials. While a tutorial is running, you can click on any mouse button or press any key to take over control. The only caveat is that you can’t give control back to the tutorial once you interrupt it. To restart the tutorial you must go back to the Main Menu and run it again.

 

Tools

Clicking on the Tools button opens the Tools menu, where you’ll find the following:

Scenario Editor – This fantastic new feature lets you design and creates your own scenarios, which you can share with other players. You decide the look and layout of the park, and even set the scenario’s objective!

Convert Saved Game to Scenario – This lets you load a saved game, create new objectives for it, and save it as a scenario. If you have already started a game, you can use this tool to create a scenario that includes a park already in full swing, or an aged park in need of help. 

Roller Coaster Designer – This tool lets you design a ride in peace with no scenario objectives, money constraints, or guests to distract you. Build rides, test them and fine tune them until they are perfect, and then save the track design to share with other players or use in one of your own parks.

Track Design Manager – After you have designed or downloaded several new rides, this tool will help you keep them organized.

Exit

Click here when you are done playing RollerCoaster Tycoon 2.

]]> Most windows share these common interface elements:
Tabs – Many windows contain a row of tabs, which organize the statistics, feedback, and options you will need to access while playing the game. Click on a tab to display the information it contains.

Drop-Down Menus – Some buttons are linked to drop-down menus. Click and hold to display the menu, then move your mouse cursor over the menu item you wish to select and release the mouse button to select it. Some menus, such as the Open / Test / Close Ride menu, will select the next item in the list if you simply click on it.

Buttons – Buttons activate a specific game element.

Close – Click the [X] button to close a window.

Scroll Bar – Some windows contain scroll bars that let you access hidden information. Click on a scroll bar to scroll through your options.

Resize – Click and drag the bottom right corner of a window to expand or contract its size.

]]> The Main View contains your park in the background, tool buttons along the top, and information buttons in the lower left and right corners. Click on any button to open its associated window.
Pause / Options

Pause This button stops time until you click it again. All activity stops in the park and you cannot build while the game is paused. You can do other tasks, however, including looking at statistics, dealing with finances, managing staff, redecorating rides and eavesdropping on your guests’ thoughts.

Options

The Game Options menu contains the following:

Load Game – Click here to open a saved game and resume playing it.

Save Game – Save your current game so that you can load it later.

About RollerCoaster Tycoon 2 – Click here to view the list of folks who helped make this game possible.

Options – Opens the Options window, which includes a number of game settings you can change to customize the way RollerCoaster Tycoon 2 works.

Sound – This drop-down menu lets you pick the sound card driver the game will use.

Music – Toggle music ON or OFF.

Sound Quality – Choose between LOW, MEDIUM and HIGH.

Forced Software Buffer Mixing – This setting should automatically be adjusted when you install the game. However, if the game stalls regularly or the sound crackles, then toggling this setting ON or OFF might improve those problems.

Currency – This drop-down menu lets you set the type of currency used in your park.

Distance and Speed – Choose between Imperial and Metric systems of measurement.

Temperature – Choose between Fahrenheit and Celsius.

Height Labels – Choose between Real Values (5 feet or 1.5 meters per elevation block) or Units (one unit per elevation block).

Display Mode – Choose among various screen resolutions. Higher resolution settings might slow the game down.

Note: Although the game features a variety of screen modes, it is designed to provide optimum performance in 800x600 mode.

Landscape Smoothing – Toggle ON to smooth angled edges on landscape.

Gridlines on Landscape – Turn landscape gridlines ON or OFF.

Construction Marker – Set construction markers to White or Translucent.

Scroll View – When ON, the Main View will scroll when you move the mouse cursor to the edge of the screen.

Shortcut Keys – Click here to see a list of keyboard shortcuts. Click on a command in the list to assign a new shortcut to it. 

Show Real Names of Guests – When ON, guests are assigned real names; when OFF they are assigned numbers, such as “Guest 234.” 

Screenshot – Takes a snapshot of the current screen and saves it in a file in the directory where you installed RollerCoaster Tycoon 2. The default keyboard shortcut for this command is Ctrl + S.

Quit Game – Ends your current game (you have the option to save it) and exits to the Main Menu.

 

View Control Tools

Zoom Out

Enlarges the amount of the park you see in the Main View, but displays less detail.

Zoom In

Takes a step closer to the action — displays a smaller area of the park in more detail.

Rotate View

Rotates the landscape a quarter turn (90 degrees) clockwise.

 

View Options

Sometimes — when you’re building structures, for example — you need an uncluttered view. The View Options menu includes several ways to achieve this. Select an item from the menu to toggle it ON or OFF. A check mark next to a menu item indicates that option is ON. You can have any combination of view options — or even all of them — activated at the same time.

Underground / Inside View – Makes the land surface transparent and provides an underground view. Use this when building underground. The game automatically switches to the underground view when a path or ride you are building goes below the surface.

Remove Base Land – Completely removes the land graphics, allowing you to see underground rides and scenery more easily.

Remove Vertical Faces – Completely removes the vertical “cliff faces” on landscapes.

See-Through Rides – All of your attractions (including shops and stalls) become invisible.

See-Through Scenery – The scenery (trees, bushes, walls, and so on) becomes invisible. Invisible Supports – The structural supports of your rides become invisible, offering a clearer view of the areas beneath them.

Invisible People – All guests and staff are removed from sight. This is quite helpful when your visitors are roaming your park like swarms of bees, obscuring everything.

Height Marks – There are three options for displaying height marks: on Land, on Ride Tracks, and on Paths. This marks every square of land, path or ride-track with its height level relative to the elevation of your park gates. This is handy when you’re trying to match up sections of footpaths or track, and for making the most efficient use of your landscape.

Note: You can choose whether height marks are displayed as Real Values or Units in the Options menu.

 

Mini-Map

Click on this button to open the Mini-Map window, which is a map of the entire park area with tiny representations of paths, rides, and guests. Land owned by the park is colored a lighter shade. Click anywhere on this map to center the Main View there.

There are two tabs in the Mini-Map window: Guests and Objects. Use the Guests tab to help identify overcrowding and clogged paths. Use the color-coded legend on the Objects tab to locate rides and shops. This can help you disperse needed refreshment stands, for example.

 

Construction Tools

Bulldoze

You can always use the right mouse button to bulldoze trees, scenery, and paths one item at a time while in any construction mode. But, you can use this handy tool to demolish larger areas of scenery with a single click. 

Land Tools

Think of the Land tool as your paint and paintbrushes. When you go out to craft and tame the land in your park, the tools will help you. Use the Land tool to adjust the height and slope of any landscape tile (square) in the park. 

Water Tools

If you lead a guest to water, you can probably get him to cool down on a water ride! Use the Water tool to create lakes, rivers, and ponds. 

Scenery / Theme Objects

Scenery objects include gardens, statuary, benches, shrubs, and other useful or decorative non-ride items in your park. Click here to place them in your park.

Build Footpaths / Queue Lines

You’ll use this button often, as you fill your park with (and tear up) walking paths, queuing lines, ramps, and bridges. 

Build New Ride / Attraction

Click on this to open the Ride Creation window. This is where the fun really begins (and the cash starts to flow).

 

Management

Tools Rides / Attractions in Park

To really excel as a “roller coaster tycoon,” you must analyze park data and adapt to changes, so your guests remain happy and eager to spend time and money in your park. The Rides/Attractions window presents a number of useful overall reports on every ride and facility in the park.

Park Information

This button does the same thing as clicking on the Park Entrance: it opens the Park Status window. 

Staff

This opens the Staff window, where you can hire, control and fire park employees. 

Guests

You were born to be a tycoon, and the visitors who come to your parks thank you! Click here to learn more about the little people you love to entertain. 

 

 

Finances and Park Rating

Finances

This information button shows your current cash on hand. When you move your mouse cursor over this figure, your current weekly profit and park value are displayed in a pop-up window. Clicking on the number opens the Financial Summary window. You can change the monetary unit in the Options menu.

Guest Population

This is the number of people currently in your park. Click on this number to open the Guest tab in the Park Information window

Park Rating

The longer the green line, the higher your park rating. When you move your mouse cursor over the green line, your actual park rating (between 0 and 1,000) is displayed in a pop-up window. Click on the green bar to open the Park Rating tab in the Park Information window.

 

Date / Weather / Messages

Date

Some scenario objectives are time-based — be sure to keep an eye on the calendar so you don’t miss a deadline. The window displays the current month and year, and moving your mouse cursor over the date will display the day in a pop-up window.

Note: Years are measured from March to October since parks typically operate seasonally.

Weather

Take a look here to see the current temperature and weather conditions. You can change the temperature units (Celsius or Fahrenheit) in the Options menu.

Recent Messages

Click anywhere on the Date/Weather button to display the Recent Messages window, which lists recent on-screen announcements, such as ride breakdowns, new research discoveries, and awards.

TIP

When it rains, all of your guests will want umbrellas, and the only place they can get them is at your Information Kiosks and Souvenir Stands. Make sure you’re not undercharging for them.

 

]]> Park Information
The Park Information window is the first window that opens when you start a new game. (You can open the Park Information window at any time by clicking on your park gate, the boundaries of your park, or the Park Information button on the top of the screen.) You’ll probably want to build a few attractions and facilities before you open your gates to guests, but when you eventually officially open your park, this is the place to do it.

This is also where you can set your admission price (unless you are playing a scenario with no gate admission). You will probably return here to adjust the admission price as you add attractions.

The Park Information window is also where you can buy or lease more land for your park.

A.View Park Entrance – Take a look at the entrance to your park. (This is a handy spot to drop off those lost guests you may bump into now and again.) This window has five buttons on the right side, indicated by numbers on the screen shown above.

Open / Close – Click here to open your park for business. Click again to close it.

Buy Land – Sometimes you just don’t have enough room to spread your wings. When you run out of space to place your attractions, click on this button to see land near your park that is for sale. Each square of land for sale shows up on the landscape with a little white sign on it. (Land that you own shows up as a fenced-in blue grid.) Click on a square of land to buy it.

Buy Construction Rights – Sometimes a landowner can’t or won’t sell, but doesn’t mind letting you hang a corner of a coaster over his property.This option lets you purchase the right to build all or part of an attraction on a parcel of land. When you click on this button, every square of land with construction rights for sale shows up with a blue-striped sign on it. Click on a square of land to buy construction rights to it.

Snap To / Locate – Click on this button to center the park gate in the Main View.

Rename – Click here to rename your park.

B. Park Rating – Some scenarios require that your park achieve a certain rating — a sort of overall tycoon score. This tab shows your current park rating and a graph of that rating over time.

C. Guests – Click on this tab to see how many guests are currently visiting your wonderful park, as well as a graph of your park population over time.

D. Admission – Click on this tab to set the ticket price for your park. (The minimum admission price is free, the maximum is $100.) It also displays the number of admissions to your park to date, as well as total income from admissions.

E. Park Statistics – This displays global data on different aspects of your park, including overall size, number of rides, staff, and number of guests in the park.

F. Objectives – Click on this tab to view the goal of the current scenario.

G. Awards – From time to time you might win a special award — it might be quite wonderful, or it might be a badge of shame! Click on this tab to view your park’s awards.

 

TIP

Keep an eye on your guests’ thoughts. If lots of them are thinking about what a great value your park is, maybe you should raise the admission price

 

Excavating

Reshaping the land to accommodate the roller coasters, trains, paths, tunnels, gardens, water rides and theme areas comes with the territory, so to speak. To run the most successful parks, you’re going to have to push some dirt.

Clear Scenery

The Clear Scenery tool allows you to easily remove areas of trees and walls larger than a single square in size. The Clear Scenery tool works much like the Land tool (see “Land and Water Windows” below). First, click the Bulldoze button to open a window where you can you can choose the size of the “brush” you will use to alter the landscape, then click on the landscape to clear all trees, walls, and small scenery items.

Note: This will not demolish large multi-block scenery, rides, footpaths or signs. The estimated cost is shown below the grid-size graphic on the window.

Important: Remember that the Clear Scenery tool is not the only way to remove scenery. You can also right-click to demolish existing scenery while using any construction tool.

Land and Water Windows

The Land tool lets you create hills, dig holes, and change the color and texture of your landscape. The Water tool lets you create bodies of water — a prerequisite to building some types of water rides.

Clicking on the Land or the Water button opens a window where you can choose the size of the “brush” you will use to alter the landscape. Only the Land window lets you assign color and texture to the areas you modify.

A. Brush Size – This shows the size of the area that you will affect by clicking on the landscape. Brush size ranges from one square to a 5-by-5 grid (maximum size in the Scenario Editor is a 7-by-7 grid).To increase or decrease the size of the brush, click the [+] or [-] buttons.

B. Surface Texture (Land only) – Click and hold this button to display the available land surface textures. Move your mouse cursor over a texture and release the mouse button to select it.

You can toggle a texture ON or OFF by clicking on it. When the texture icon has an “indented” look (like a pushed button), then it is ON, and clicking the landscape or raising or lowering an area of the land applies the current texture to its surface. When the texture icon does not have an “indented” look, you do not apply a new texture when you excavate.

C. Edge Texture (Land only) – This lets you choose the texture that is applied to the vertical edges of the excavated land. It is functionally identical to the Surface Texture tool, explained above.

 

Raising and Lowering Land

When you’re using the Land tool, the cursor becomes a shovel, with an arrow pointing to the center of the grid that defines the size of your brush. When you’re using the Water tool, the cursor looks like waves, also with an arrow pointing to the center of the grid.

To raise or lower land or water, click and hold the mouse button. Push the mouse up and a chunk of land or water the size of your brush will rise up from the landscape. Pull the mouse back down to lower an area the size of your brush. Release the mouse button when you’re done.

When you raise or lower a large area of land or water, the lowest parcels rise and the highest drop first, until every square is on the same level. Then, the area moves as a whole.

Land and water are raised in 5-foot, 1.5 meter or single-unit increments (you can set the type of unit displayed in the Options menu). You are charged for each square that you raise or lower. You are also charged for applying a new texture to a square of land, which you can do simply by clicking the land with textures toggled ON (see page 25).

Sloping Landscape

You will notice that when you raise or lower land using a large brush, the edges rise straight up with no slope whatsoever. To remedy this sheer cliff look, you’ve got to fine-tune the edges and add a nice slope to your raised or lowered land. To do this, use a one-square sized brush, which lets you adjust each corner of a land square separately. If you position the mouse pointer near a corner of the land square, that corner is highlighted. Click and hold while you move the mouse to raise or lower only that corner. Release the mouse button when you’re done.

Scenery

Thrill rides and junk food aren’t the only things that make an amusement park great. The atmosphere is also tremendously important, and you must provide carefully planned landscaping and scenery to make your park guests happy. By creating a more appealing environment, you significantly add to the enjoyment your guests derive from the park, and you can also add intensity and excitement to your rides.

The Scenery window includes all of the decorative elements you can use to beautify your park. It has a number of tabs, each of which displays a different selection of scenery items. The tabs that are available to you depend on what scenario you are playing, and what your researchers have discovered.

Click each tab to view and use the items in the corresponding window. (You might have to use the slider bars to see all of the available choices.) Place your cursor over a scenery item to display its description in the lower left corner of the window, and its price in the lower right corner. The cost of scenery items varies by type.

A.Trees – Trees take up one square of land and provide both shade and beauty to your landscape. Once you plant a tree, you must pay to remove it.

B. Shrubs & Ornaments – You will find bushes, fountains, exotic plants, statues and even topiary (bushes trimmed to resemble animals and fanciful objects) in this category. Use them to create pastoral gardens or decorative themes. Not all shrubs and ornaments take up a full square — some occupy only a half or quarter square.

Once shrubs are in place, you must pay to remove them. You recoup a bit of cash by removing statues and fountains.

C. Gardens – Rock-bordered and filled with flowers, gardens come in a variety of colors, combinations, and sizes. Once these are in place, you must pay to remove them.

D. Fences and Walls – Fences, hedges and other decorative boundaries are perfect for edging paths, rides and scenic gardens. These are always placed on the edge of a land square, and you can create double walls (or fences) in adjacent squares. Since fences do not fill an entire square, you can often place another item of scenery quite close to it. You get no refund when you remove these objects, nor do you pay a fee.

E.Walls and Roofs – This tab contains walls and roofs that you can use to make decorative structures and buildings. The wall objects behave like the fences and walls described above. Roofs generally take up a whole square and are designed to be put atop walls.

F. Footpath Accessories – This tab includes such necessities as benches, litter bins, and street lamps. These are vital to your park’s efficiency and cleanliness, and to the comfort of your guests. You can only build these accessories on footpaths — benches only on the flat footpath sections. You get no refund when you dismantle these objects, nor do you pay a fee.

F. Signs – Also found under the Footpath Accessories tab, signs are a unique scenery item that let you put scrolling marquees across your paths, alerting and entertaining guests (and players).

You can only place signs across paths. When you place a sign, the Banner window pops up. Here you can: (1) enter a message up to 30 characters; (2) turn the sign into a NoEntry marker; (3) delete the sign, and (4) change the color of the letters.

G.Theme Items – If you instruct your researchers to think about Scenery & Theming, they will eventually discover new ways for you to smarten up your surroundings. Themes range from Classical to Abstract and appear under separate tabs in the Scenery window. Items fall into all categories, including signs, trees, shrubs, fountains, statues and fancy animated decorations. All in all, definitely worth your research dollars!

H. Rotate – Click here to rotate an item before you place it. The items in the Scenery window will rotate to show their new orientation. There is neither need nor opportunity to rotate some items, including fences, walls and footpath accessories. These and other items automatically orient themselves when placed in your park.

I. Paint – You can recolor some items, including some signs, fences, and theme objects. To change the color properties of an object, click on any of the three Color buttons to display a color palette. Choose a color and certain elements of items that can be recolored in the Scenery window will change to that color. Items that cannot be recolored will be unaffected.

How to Place Scenery

Putting scenery in your scene is simple:

Click on the picture of the item you want to add to your landscape.

Use the Rotate button to orient the object, if necessary.

Use the Color buttons to recolor the item, if necessary.

Move the cursor to the area where you want to place the object. The cursor highlights the land with a shadow image of the object that shows its size and the space required. Click to place the object in your landscape.

You can demolish scenery and paths that are in your way by clicking with the right mouse button on the object on the landscape that you want to remove.

Note: Most items are restricted to certain locations. (Signs, for example, must be built across a path.) The cursor will not highlight if you are unable to place the object in your current location. If the cursor highlights but you still cannot place that particular item, a text window will pop up that explains why. (Hint: Sometimes rotating the object will make it fit.)

How to Place Elevated Scenery

If you need to place an object, such as a roof or a wall, at an elevation above ground level, hold the Shift key once your cursor is over the area where you want to place the item (but before you click the mouse). Now, as you move the mouse, the object will rise in the air or even drop below the land surface. Click to place the object at the desired location and height.

Alternatively, place the cursor over a scenery object that you want to match the height of (for example, a section of roof) then hold down the Ctrl key to “lock” your cursor to that height. Then, move the cursor around and you’ll see that whatever you are building will also appear at the same height.

This can be combined with the Shift key: hold down Shift and Ctrl simultaneously to raise or lower the scenery a bit (and lock it to that height) before building it.

Footpaths and Queue Lines

You will get to know the Footpaths window well during your RollerCoaster Tycoon 2 career. The humble footpath is the lifeline of your park — without proper paths, your guests can’t find your park attractions, and without proper queue lines, guests can’t ride your rides.

Placing basic paths is as simple as clicking a connected line of squares on your landscape. Raised paths and tunnels are somewhat trickier, but not that difficult once you get the hang of it. Click the Footpaths and Queue Lines button to open the Footpaths window.

Path Types

The top two buttons in the Footpaths window let you choose the type of path to build.

A. Footpaths – These give your guests a way to move between areas of your park. Use them to connect virtually everything in your park.

B. Queue Lines – These are used to connect a ride Entrance to the main path. You should not use a queue line for any other purpose, as it might confuse your guests. Every ride must have at least one section of queue line attached to its Entrance. The more popular the ride, the longer its queue line should be. The first section of the queue that you place adjacent to an existing path becomes the entry to the queue line.

Clicking and holding either the Footpath button or Queue Line button displays your current choices of path styles. Depending on the scenery you have researched, more path types may be available.

Click on the path type, then move your cursor over the style you want and release the mouse button to select that style.

Building Paths

At the bottom of the Footpath window are two buttons that allow you to specify the path building mode.

A. Conform to Ground – This is the default path-building mode, and lets you build footpaths on flat and diagonally sloped land, but not on irregular surfaces. To place a path segment, position the mouse cursor where you want a new (or differently paved) path, then click. Right-click to remove existing sections of a footpath.

For longer paths or large sections of pavement, you can hold the mouse button and drag the cursor over the terrain. Release the mouse button when you’re finished. You are charged for every path section you place, and receive a partial refund when you remove a footpath or queue line.

B. Free Path – This allows you to construct supported paths that defy the slope of the land. Use this mode to create raised paths, bridges, tunnels, and piers. The higher or lower you build a path, the more expensive each section. You are refunded a standard rate when you remove a path, no matter what it cost to place it originally.

To build an elevated path or tunnel, click the Free Path button. Your cursor will become an outline square with a yellow arrow in it.

Move your cursor to a side of the outlined square to make the arrow point toward it. This is the direction that the first path piece will face when you click the mouse.

Position the cursor on the square you want to build from, not on. For example, if you want to build a queue line attached to an elevated ride Entrance, position the outlined square on the Entrance and move the cursor until the yellow arrow points away from the Entrance.

Once you click the mouse to place the first piece, several new buttons become available.

A. Direction – These arrows determine the direction of the next section you build. To change the direction of a path segment, click the appropriate arrow button. The path will highlight to show you what the next segment will look like when you place it.

B. Slope – The three slope buttons control the inclination of the next section of path. If no next section of path appears (you see only the pointer arrow), it means that you cannot build the section with the slope you have selected in that location. You may need to use the Demolish button to back up a step and alter the slope.

C. Build This – Click on this button to build the next path section. Before you build, check the cost of the section listed at the bottom of the button. The more support a section needs (the higher a bridge or the lower a tunnel), the more expensive it is to build.

D. Demolish – This removes the path section you have just built — not the highlighted section (which isn’t built yet). You can also use the right mouse button to remove sections of any type of path, as well as most objects in your way.

 

 

 

]]> It goes without saying that the main reason guests visit an amusement park is for the rides. Serene scenery, themed gardens and nicely laid footpaths help keep guests happy, but the rides are what it’s all about. Remember, variety is key to building rides. After all, would you visit a park that had fifteen merry-go-rounds and nothing else?
Click the New Ride button to open the Ride Selection window. This contains the tools you will use to construct everything from restrooms to roller coasters.

The Ride Selection window tabs correspond to the categories of rides and attractions. Click on a tab to see what rides are available to build in each category.

Note: As you complete research projects, new ride types might be added to a category

Within each category, you can move your cursor over the picture of a ride to get more information. All the pertinent details on the attraction you select appear in the lower half of the Ride Selection window. Among other important data, this readout always includes the approximate cost of construction.

A.Transport Rides – These slow-paced people-movers include miniature trains, monorails, cable cars and the like. You can (and are sometimes required to) build multiple stations as destination points. Use transport rides to give guests a scenic view of your park attractions while ferrying them from one location to another. (If guests have to walk too much they can get overly tired and cranky.)

B. Gentle Rides – These low- and no-thrill rides are suitable for all guests (especially children). The Ferris wheel and merry-go-round are examples of gentle rides. Most gentle rides do not involve custom design and tend to take up less space than more intense attractions.

C. Roller Coasters – These are the big draws of any successful park. Wooden and steel coasters are only the beginning. Depending on the scenario and your research, you could have access to many types of coaster technologies designed to twist the lunch from your brave guests’ guts.

There is at least one standard design available for every type of roller coaster. Hold your cursor over a design name to see its statistics and what it looks like. This also reveals two self-explanatory buttons: Toggle Scenery ON / OFF, and Rotate. Other ride types that feature pre-built designs, including some gentle rides and water rides, also work this way

D.Thrill Rides – These fill the intermediate range in intensity between mild rides and roller coasters. This category can include the kind of swinging and spinning belly-churners found at your average county fair, as well as old-time favorites like bumper cars.

E. Water Rides – Especially in a hot climate, there is nothing better than a ride that gets your guests all wet. Water rides include everything from rented rowboats to water slides and high-velocity H2O coasters.

F. Shops and Stalls – Your park will need a number of non-ride facilities, including food stalls, souvenir shops, information booths and, of course, restrooms.

G. Research – Click the Research tab to show the most recent research discovery, the current research project, and its expected completion date.

Click the R&D Funding button (1) to open the Research Funding window. Click the Invention Details button (2) to go straight to this new ride.

 

Building a Ride

Ride-building is covered in detail in the in-game Tutorials, as well as in the “Creating a Coaster” section. Here’s a brief rundown of the necessary steps involved:

Click the New Ride button to open the Ride Selection window.

Using the tabs, choose a type of ride.

Select a ride by clicking its picture.

Determine the location and orientation of the ride, then click the spot on the landscape where you want to build it. For some rides, building is a single-click process; for others, like custom-designed roller coasters, building can take some time.

Place the Entrance and Exit for the ride.

Create a queuing line to attach the Entrance to a path, and connect a path to the Exit.

Test the ride, set an admission price, give it a name and determine its operating characteristics.

Open the ride.

Ride Construction Window

The buttons in the Ride Construction window differ depending on the type of ride you are building. Here is a brief explanation of what the buttons do:

A. Direction – Click on an arrow to specify the shape of the next piece you will place.

B. Special – Click here to add a special track piece or element to your ride. Selections vary with the type of ride you are building, as well as the slope you are on and the piece you just built. Possible choices include brakes, on-ride cameras, loops, corkscrews, S-bends, station platforms and more.

C. Slope – Click here to specify the slope of the next track segment.

D. Special Functions – Special ride functions, such as banked curves and seat rotators, will sometimes appear in this area of the Ride Construction window, depending on the type of ride you are building.

E. Build This – Click here to add the next piece to your track, signified by the highlighted piece outlined in the Main View.

F. Next / Previous Track Segment – Click the forward or reverse arrow buttons to move between placed track pieces.The currently selected track piece will be highlighted.

G. Demolish – Click the bulldozer icon to demolish the piece of track you just built if you are at the end of a track, or the highlighted piece of track if you are working in the middle of the track.

H. Entrance – Click here to place an Entrance building.You must place the Entrance adjacent to a segment of station platform.This option is chosen automatically as soon as you place a pre-built ride.

I. Exit – Click here to place an Exit building.You must place the Exit adjacent to a segment of station platform.This option is automatically chosen after you place a ride Entrance.

Caring For Your New Ride

Every ride in your park has a Ride window associated with it.This window opens automatically as soon as you finish constructing a ride.You can also open a Ride window by clicking on a ride in the Main View, or by selecting its name from the Rides / Attractions window.

Different rides have different features and statistics. Below are all available elements in the Ride window.

A.View – This window displays various views of the ride you are working with.You can view by car or ride section using the drop-down menu below the row of tabs.There are five buttons on the right side of the View window, indicated by numbers in the above screen:

Open / Test / Close – After you build a ride, you must test it to see if it’s safe to open to the public. Testing a ride also lets you (and your guests) know how intense, exciting and nauseating it is. (Not all rides require testing.Those that don’t simply have the options to Open or Close.)

Construct – This opens the Ride Construction window and lets you continue work, adjust the Entrance and Exit, or make changes or repairs.You must close the ride before you can work on it.

Name – Give the ride any name you want (up to 30 characters long)

Snap-To – Shift the Main View over to the ride’s segment or car displayed in the View window.

Delete – WARNING! This will destroy your ride (but you may get some money back for it).

B. Description – This tab contains the ride description and capacity. This is also where you can set the number of cars on some rides, as well as variables, such as whether a ride starts with cars reversed.

C. Mechanics – In this tab you can set a number of mechanical options, depending on the type of ride. Options can include minimum and maximum waiting time guests encounter, whether to wait for a full or partial load, whether to synchronize with an adjacent ride station (for race-type rides), how fast to run the lift hill, and more.

D. Maintenance Record – This tab gives a snapshot of the ride’s reliability and downtime. This is also the place to set how often mechanics inspect the ride. Click the Mechanic button to open the Worker window associated with the mechanic closest to the ride.

E. Color / Style – Click here to paint your ride, color the cars, and set the style of the Entrance and Exit. Click the Color buttons to adjust associated parts of the ride and cars. You can paint some rides in different color schemes by using the Paintbrush. Click the Paintbrush button, select one of the color schemes, choose the three colors you want to use, then click on track parts in the Main View to recolor them.

F. Music – Click on the drop-down menu to choose from several styles of music. Music attracts guests and adds personality to a ride.

G. Ride Statistics – These are elements that will let you know if you have a mild or an exhilarating ride. Not all rides have the same type of stats.

Excitement – How much fun a guest will have.

Intensity – How extreme the gravitational forces of the ride are.

Nausea – The level of queasiness the riders will experience, and an indication of how much lunch you can expect guests to lose just outside the ride.

Maximum Speed – The top speed.

Average Speed – The average speed over the length of the entire ride.

Ride Time – How many minutes the ride lasts.

Ride Length – The length of the ride.

Maximum Positive Vertical G’s – The maximum gravitational force exerted on a rider.

Maximum Negative Vertical G’s – The maximum negative gravitational force exerted on a rider.

Total Air Time – The amount of time a rider experiences weightlessness.

Inversions – How many times riders can expect to be flung upside down during the course of the ride.

The Ride Statistics tab also contains a Save button (diskette icon). Click on this to save the track design to disk.

H. Data Log – This tab lets you watch a real-time graph of physics at work on your rides, in four categories: Velocity, Altitude, Vertical Gs and Lateral Gs. On coasters, this is used to identify what spots may need banking pieces to make the ride less intense.

I. Financial Data – Click here for a snapshot of the ride’s income, running costs and profits. If you are playing a scenario where you charge admission to individual rides, this is where you set the ticket price.

J. Guest Data – This tab contains statistics related to guests, including how many customers have ridden the ride, its popularity, queue time, and more. There are three buttons on the right side of this window that let you bring up windows related to guests thinking about the ride, riding the ride and standing in line.

]]> Coaster building is a creative art that needs to be developed over time and refined through experimentation, success and even failure. When you build your first coaster, it’s a good idea to make it small but complete. This will let you concentrate on the basics and not get lost and frustrated trying to cram all the latest, greatest technologies into a single ride.
Once you are comfortable building, slowly add additional pieces to your existing ride, or build a slightly more complex design. Remember, the goal is to have fun and create!

Roller Coaster Designer

To create a ride without distraction, use the Roller Coaster Designer. Click the Options button in the Main Menu and choose Roller Coaster Designer to begin.

Your first step is to choose a ride type from the Select Ride Types and Vehicles window. (You can select up to four ride types so that you can, for example, design rides that intertwine with each other.) Click the type of rides you want to build in this session and then click the Forward button in the lower right corner to continue.

A modified version of the New Ride window is displayed. Click the picture of the type of coaster you want to build. A new window will open that shows available pre-built rides, along with images, statistics, a Scenery ON / OFF button, and a Rotate button. Click on an existing design or click on Build Custom Design to go to the Main View.

Start building your coaster! (See page 37 for more details on the Ride Construction window.)

When you are finished, test and save your ride. This will make it available for future games.

Coaster Checklist

Although you can theoretically build a coaster using less, here is a good basic guideline for the elements required to make a workable, profitable coaster:

At least two pieces of connected Station Platform track (one for the Entrance, and one for the Exit)

Ride track that begins at the station platform’s start and reconnects to the station platform’s rear in a continuous loop

Medium incline track with pull chain

Initial slope downwards after the pull chain ends, to build speed and allow cars to complete the circuit.

Banked track on curves to reduce excessive forces and tone down the intensity

Special track pieces (like loops, or helixes) to add fun and excitement

Station Entrance

Station Exit

Simple Sample

With those basic components in mind, we’ll show you how to build a simple but elegant corkscrew coaster. It’s not the fastest or the fanciest, but it works just fine and may earn you a buck or two.

A. Station Platform – If you have only two pieces, your train will be very short. A short car is not always best since a longer one will generate more speed and momentum. You probably want to add a long station platform, but for this example, we’ll stick with the minimum.

B. Pull Chain – In most cases, you’ll need medium incline (upwards) track with a pull chain to get the cars up the initial slope. Some rides can use the steep incline, and others have “power-launch mode,” which may not need a chain at all.

C. Apex – This is where we stop using the pull chain and begin the downslope. Here is where a longer car would be more fun. The people in the front would dangle at the edge waiting for the rear car to get over the hump.YIKES!

D. Dropping In! – This is where the slope actually begins. We used one medium piece and one steep piece, followed by more mediums.The cars will zip down here and gain enough momentum and speed to complete the rest of the track.

E. Bank on It – Since the car is moving fast and heading into a turn, we used “banked” curve pieces to help absorb the forces. This keeps your riders from getting overly yanked around.

F. Get Loopy – Coming out of the banked curve, we placed a medium incline piece so that loop pieces would show up in the “Special Track” menu. We then added a nice vertical loop.

G. Say Cheese – We added another Special Track piece: an On-Ride Photo. This will help generate money, and increase the ride’s popularity. We followed this with additional special pieces — half-corkscrew left and right. Hope you had a light lunch!

H. Oooh, My Tummy! – Next we put in a little hill for a bit of tickle (air time), and to absorb and use the car’s momentum.

I. Lining It Up – Here we knew the track pieces would need to be connected one more square over, so we used a special piece called an S-bend.

J.Almost There – More banked pieces absorb the shock and slow the cars down a bit.

K.Whoa! – The last piece before the station platform is yet another specialty piece called Brakes, which will really slow the car down for safety.

L. Open for Business – When everything connected up, we placed Entrance and Exit buildings.

The next step was to test the coaster. Tests generated the following statistics:

Medium Excitement rating

High Intensity (but not too high to ride for some)

Medium Nausea rating

Again, this is a relatively simple track. Your challenge is to experiment and make the wildest, wackiest, most hair-raising coasters imaginable.

Don’t forget to add scenery!

Managing Your Track Design

If you have downloaded or copied rides from a source outside the game, or saved rides in a folder other than the default Tracks folder, you can add them to your available rides using the Track Designs Manager. This simple but important tool lets you rename and delete rides from the Ride Building window. You’ll find the Track Designs Manager by clicking the Tools button in the Main Menu.

A. Disk and Game Options – The choices in this menu are About RollerCoaster Tycoon 2, Options, Screenshot, and Quit. See page 15 for an explanation of these options.

B. Track Design Categories – Click on any category to open a window that contains all of the track designs in that category (those that came with the game as well as any you have added). That window is identical to the window you see when building a ride and includes an image of each named ride, along with specifications. Click on a ride to Rename or Delete it.

C. Install New Track Design – Click here to import a saved track design. This will open a Load File window, where you can browse folders for saved “.TD6” track design files. Click on a file name to preview it and click OK to install it into the game. The game will automatically place it in the proper category.

]]> Tips on Using the Scenario Editor
The Scenario Editor is a powerful tool that lets you create countless cool game variations that you can share with others. Creating a playable scenario takes time and patience, but stick with it and you’ll soon be designing fun and thought-provoking challenges.

Because of all the intricacies of the editor, we recommend that you do not attempt to use the scenario until you are very familiar with playing the game itself. Even then, you should be prepared to make some mistakes on your first few attempts.

Think Small. On your first few scenarios, make a tiny park with just a gate, a path, and a little-purchased land. Save and play it to see if it works. This way you can expose some of the challenges without spending hours on a large park that may not function.

Think Simple. The fun of playing the scenarios is in the users’ ability to create. If you’ve done all of the thinking for the player, he or she may find it less than challenging.

Create the Entrance Path First. This is the first place guests will arrive and your player will seek out. Keep in mind:

The path from the Entrance must connect to the edge of the map.

The paths in front and back of the gate must be connected. Place the gate and then put the paths down on both sides.

You must mark the spot where the guests will appear on the path that leads to the front of the Park Entrance.

Establish Player-Owned Land Next. Sometimes, if you go full-steam ahead, retrofitting the basic elements may not synch up with your designs. Keep in mind:

The path from “off” the map to the Park Entrance should not be owned or purchasable by the player. The game will automatically set the route to be non-purchasable if you forget to do this.

The land owned by the player is a single continuous piece of land. The best shapes are a circle or a rectangle.

If the player cannot buy land in the park, they should have construction rights or the ability to purchase those rights so the separate areas can connect.

A U-shaped park will confuse your guests and generate a low park rating.

Don’t Give It All Away! Let your players work their way through a scenario to gradually see all that the game has to offer. If you give them all the land on the biggest map with all of the rides available, they may become overwhelmed or feel there is nothing else to look forward to. A good scenario should inspire and challenge, not overwhelm the player.

Save Often. There is no “redo button,” so save your landscapes every few minutes, and especially before you undertake a big excavation project. The files are small, and you can use a numbering system (i.e. “MyPark00,” “MyPark01,” “MyPark02”) to keep your saved files organized. If you make a big mistake, just go back a few iterations and begin from there. When your scenario is done, you can delete old, defunct landscape files.

Test Your Scenario Occasionally. As you are building your landscapes, you may occasionally want to step through and complete the scenario to playtest it and make sure it’s fun. As you get closer to the end, you should play longer. Ultimately, when you are finished building your scenario, you should play all the way through to verify the scenario objects are reasonably achievable.

Scenario Editor Elements

You will notice the Scenario Editor has many elements similar to those found in the regular game. All of these elements have the same functionality and in a few instances additional features.

There are six steps to building a scenario:

Select Objects

Edit Landscape

Invention List Setup

Options Selections

Objective Selection

Save Scenario

Select Objects

These are all the objects that will and could appear in your scenario. You can only select a limited number of objects in each category, and this number varies with the object type. For example, you can select 128 ride types, but only 19 Scenery Groups, and 1 Water Texture.

The more items you use, the longer your scenario will take to load. The items with the white check mark next to them will be in your scenario. (You will decide which ones will be part of the Research list later.)

The Advanced button adds five more tabs to the selection. This lets you select individual theme elements without having to select the full theme package.

Landscape Editor

Here is where you will shape the land and create the bulk of the visuals in your scenario. You won’t be placing any rides in this part of the scenario, just the scenery. (To make a scenario with an active running park filled with rides and guests, you need to use the “Convert Saved Game into a Scenario” feature located in the Toolbox menu off of the Main Menu.)

Sculpt the land as you wish. You can use the Mini-Map window to paint larger areas of land with different land tiles or to mark land for sale.

To move on to the next step, you minimally need the following:

A path from the edge of the map to an Entrance gate

A set “Guest Appearance” marker(s) on that path

Land designated as “owned” by the player that doesn’t incorporate the path or Park Entrance, but leads to it.

Invention List Setup

Once you are done tinkering with the look of your scenario, you need to decide what inventions the player starts out with, and which ones they need to research to discover. Click and drag objects from the Pre-Invented window into the To Invent window.

Sort the To Invent list by dragging items into the sequence you want.

Alternately, you can click the Random Shuffle button to randomize the order in which inventions are discovered.

Options Selections

Here you decide what the parameters of your scenario are. Click the following tabs to set the options:

Financial – Establishes the amount of money players start with, as well as their initial loan, maximum loan size, and interest rate. You can also forbid marketing campaigns here.

Guest – Establishes how much cash guests enter the park with on average. You can also adjust initial behaviors and characteristics, including happiness, hunger and thirst, and whether guests prefer more- or less-intense rides. 

Park – Set the cost of land and construction rights, and decide whether it’s a “pay at gate” or “pay per ride” park. You can also set other conditions, such as forbidding tree removal or high construction.

Objective Selection

Each scenario needs a goal that players must reach in order to win. You should make sure it is a reasonable and fun goal to achieve. The Objective Selection window is where you set scenario goals, climate controls, and descriptions.

A. Objective – This drop-down menu contains a list of various scenario goals, such as number of guests or park value after a certain time period, or building roller coasters of a certain length. Depending on the goal, you need to set additional parameters, such as number and time period. These choices appear below the Objective menu.

B. Climate – This menu lets you choose among four climate types in which the park will be set.

C. Park Name – This is the initial name of the park. Players will be able to change it once they start the game. Click the Change button to enter a park name.

D. Scenario Name – This is the name that will show up in the Scenario Selection window. Click the Change button to enter a scenario name.

E. Scenario Group – Choose a category of park: Beginner, Challenging, Expert, “Real” or Other. This is the tab under which the scenario will appear in the Scenario Selection window.

F. Park / Scenario Details – Enter a sentence or two to give players an idea of what to expect from the scenario. Click the Change button to enter the message.

Save Scenario

Click the Save Scenario button in the lower right corner to save your scenario and return to the Main Menu. Your new scenario will appear in the Scenario Selection window under whatever category you assigned it.

Start the game and test it out. Keep notes for yourself on the areas you think need adjustment, then fine-tune and balance it until you’re satisfied. Email the scenario or post it online for your friends and family to play with their version of RollerCoaster Tycoon 2!

Convert Saved Game to Scenario

Use this utility, found in the Tools menu in the Main Menu, to create scenarios from saved games. This is the only way you can make a scenario that includes pre-built rides, the existing population, and other components that you can only alter by playing an actual game.

Click on Convert Saved Game to Scenario in the Tools menu and then choose a saved game from the list that opens. This opens the park in the background — you can look at it, but you cannot edit it. What you can do is set goals in the Objective Selection window. 

If you click the Preserved Rides button, you are given a list of all of the rides in the park. Click on a ride name to put a checkmark next to it. Rides designated as Preserved Rides cannot be torn down or edited by the person playing your scenario.

Click the Save Scenario button in the lower right corner to save your scenario and return to the Main Menu. Your new scenario will appear in the Scenario Selection window under whatever category you assigned it.

]]> The tutorial is a brief guide to how RollerCoaster Tycoon works. When you click the Show Tutorial button, the game runs itself for a while. It starts one of the game scenarios, then goes through the motions, step by step, of setting up a few rides and performing a few other important park management tasks. You can learn a lot by watching this.
As you watch the tutorial, you can follow along in this text; it’s written in the form of instructions and their results as if you were actually going to do the work yourself. If something the game does in the tutorial is not clear, the chances are good that it’s explained here. Let’s begin.

Click Start New Game. The tutorial skips the menu of scenarios (different parks in different situations) and goes directly into the first scenario.

The first window shows what you need to do to succeed in this scenario. Always read this carefully. In the tutorial, you have until October of Year 1 to attract 250 guests into the park and build the park’s rating (a measure of reputation) to at least 600.

Click the window close button to close this window.

Click the New Ride button. The Ride Selection window opens.

Select the sleepy-looking face tab (Gentle Rides) to see the available gentle rides.

Select the Merry-Go-Round by clicking on the picture.

Click the Build This button at the bottom right. The Ride Selection window closes and the Merry-Go-Round Construction window opens. At this point, the mouse pointer (when held over the landscape) controls where the ride will be built. The landscape area needed to construct the ride is marked, and a yellow arrow indicates the orientation of the ride (which is irrelevant for a Merry-Go-Round, but quite important for many rides).

Position the cursor between the existing path and the park border fence, then click to build the Merry-Go-Round. The cost of construction is deducted from your treasury, which is tracked in a box at the bottom left of the screen. (It’s wise to remain aware of how much money you have to spend.)

Now, you must build the Entrance and Exit for the ride. You use the mouse pointer to choose positions for both. This is a very important step because every ride must have an Entrance and an Exit, and both must be positioned so that you can build paths to and from the ride, or else your customers will never get there. Every Entrance and every Exit takes up one landscape square. (Note that the Entrance and Exit are free; they come as a package with the construction of the ride itself.)

Position the Entrance square adjacent to the ride (leaving room for the Exit) and click to build it.

Construct the Exit in the same way as you did the Entrance. You now have a completed, but closed, Merry-Go-Round with the required Entrance and Exit, and the Merry-Go-Round 1 window is open. Next, you must build a Queuing Line from the Entrance to the existing path (otherwise, no one will be able to wait in line to board the ride, and that cuts down on business). You also need a path from the Exit to the main Forest Frontiers path.

Click the Footpaths button. The Path Construction window opens.

Click the Queuing Line button (the blue one with people).

Move the mouse pointer to the landscaped square in front of the Entrance and click once. The first stage of the Queuing Line is built, and the cost is deducted from your treasury. Move the pointer one square further away, and click again to add another piece.

You now need to connect the Exit and the Queuing Line to the existing path.

Click the Tarmac Footpath button (the grey one).

Using the mouse pointer just as you did when building the Queuing Line, build a path from the Exit to the main path. (Notice the money leaving your account each time.)

Now, extend the main path to reach the Queuing Line.

Now, you have a completed MerryGo-Round with paths and a waiting area, but it is still closed (as you can see by the sign flashing on the Entrance).

♦ To open the ride, click the green light on the right side of the Merry-Go-Round 1 window. (If the window isn’t open, click on the Entrance or the ride itself to open the window.)

Now you have an open ride, but the park is still closed.

♦ Hold the right mouse button down and move your cursor to “drag” the landscape until the park entrance is in view. You see that the main park entrance sign is still flashing a Closed message.

♦ Click on the entrance to open the Forest Frontiers window.

♦ Click the green light (just like the one that was in the ride window), and the park is open for business.

♦ Close the Forest Frontiers window.

♦ Close the Merry-Go-Round 1 window.

You now have one ride working and the park open. It’s time to build something a bit more ambitious.

Click the New Ride button again.

Select the Rollercoasters tab (the face flying downhill).

♦ Select the Steel Mini Roller Coaster picture, then click the Build This button. The Select Track Design window opens.

At this point, you can choose to construct one of the pre-designed track layouts, or you can choose to build a custom coaster. We’re being ambitious, so let’s go with the latter.

♦ Select Build Custom Design, and the Roller Coaster Construction window opens.

The Station Platform is pre-selected as the first item to be built. That’s because, on the completed ride, the Entrance and Exit must be adjacent to the station platform. Positioning the station first is good planning.

♦ Move the mouse pointer over the landscape. The cursor is a white box with a yellow arrow in it (like the Entrance cursor). The box marks where the first piece of Station Platform will be built and the arrow shows the direction the cars will travel.

♦ Click once to build the first piece of Station Platform.

♦ Now, move the mouse pointer back to the construction window and click on the Station Platform picture in the window three times to build the remainder of the platform. The cursor moves forward each time and continues flashing.

Next, we’re going to create the starting rise, the length of track in which a motorized chain pulls the cars up an incline to set up the rest of the ride.

First, we determine the direction of the next piece of track. Near the top of the construction window, select the center arrow (the Straight button).

Second, we set the grade (rise or drop) of the next piece of track. Below the direction buttons, find and click on the Mild Incline button (just to the right of center).

Lastly, we add the pulling chain to this section of track. Click on the Chain button (to the right of the incline buttons).

You probably noticed that as you made your selections, some of the choices in the other areas changed from available to unavailable or vice versa. What you can do at any point in the design of a roller coaster depends on the structural and functional limits — and the safety regulations — appropriate to the type of track you’re designing.

♦ Click on the picture of the track piece (as you did for the Station Platform) to add it to the design.

If you understand how you built that straight, inclined, chained section of track, then the rest of the design and construction process should be clear to you. Curves, drops and everything else is built using exactly the same process — choose a direction, choose a grade, then build the section. As we build this particular design, however, we run into a few of the limits on what we can do. (This is not a complete list, but it covers the issues we run into during the tutorial.)

♦ In order to switch from a rising track to a dropping track, you must have at least one piece of straight track in the middle.

♦ There is a limit to how high above the land you can safely raise track using supports. ♦ You cannot build track underground unless you prepare the land for it.

♦ Track can be run under or over existing track, provided there is enough room (vertical clearance) for the cars to pass through. However, it is a violation of the safety code to build intersections, so you cannot have the track cross itself at the same level.

If you build yourself into a corner or decide to make a change, you can use the Demolish button (the bulldozer) to remove the previous section of track.

♦ The last piece of track must connect to the first piece (the Station Platform) to create a closed loop. The height marks visible on every section of track help you to line things up.

Now that the track itself is complete, you must position and build an Entrance and an Exit for Roller Coaster 1. Only you can decide when the design is done, so the Entrance button is not activated for you (as it was when you built the Merry-Go-Round).

♦ Click on the Entrance button in the Roller Coaster Construction window.

♦ Position the Entrance square adjacent to the Station Platform (leaving room for the Exit) and click to build it.

♦ The Exit button is selected for you when the Entrance is complete. Position the Exit square adjacent to the Station Platform and click to build it. (The Roller Coaster 1 window opens.)

The design and construction of your RollerCoaster are complete, but you can’t be sure how well it will work unless you test it. Testing also helps you determine how much to charge for it and how popular the ride should be.

♦ In the Roller Coaster 1 window, click the amber light between the red (Close) and green (Open) lights. The ride begins its test run.

Select the tab with the pocket watch. This shows you the Measurements and Test Data display

At first, there is no information in this display. When the first test run is complete, much of the missing data is filled in. We explain what all this means later in the manual. For now, what’s important is that the ride runs smoothly.

Select the View tab (the video camera).

♦ Click the red light to shut the roller coaster down (stop the test runs).

♦ Close the Roller Coaster 1 window.

When you know the coaster works, it’s time to create the associated Queuing Line and other paths. When that's done you have a completed, tested roller coaster with paths and a waiting area, but it’s still closed.

♦ Click on the Entrance to open the Roller Coaster 1 window.

♦ Click the green light to open the ride.

Now that the new ride is open and functional, you need to set an admission price. This is perhaps the most important decision you make for each ride. Not only does the price influence how much money you make, it also affects the popularity of the ride and, therefore, the attitudes of your guests.

Return to the Roller Coaster 1 window, and click the Income and Costs tab (the coin and ticket).

♦ Click the small up arrow several times to adjust the Admission Price to $3.00.

Lastly, let’s make sure that the roller coaster is operating in the most efficient manner. After all, you don’t want your guests waiting too long for the ride to start.

Select the Operation Options tab (the gears).

♦ Click the down arrow to open the Wait For box.

♦ Choose Wait For Any Load. Leave the Minimum Wait and Maximum Wait times as they are.

This sets the ride to begin when one of two things happens — either the ride has a load of passengers or the cars have been sitting at the Station Platform for the Maximum Wait time. (Even if the ride has a full load, the cars will not leave the station until the Minimum Wait time has elapsed.)

Go to the View tab and close the Roller Coaster 1 window.

Finally, we must consider the long-term operation of the park and the safety of the guests. Every ride is a mechanical device, and machines have a tendency to become worn and break down. We need a Mechanic to perform regular inspections of each ride and repair those that do stop working.

Click the Staff button. The Staff window opens.

Select the Mechanics tab (the man in the blue work uniform).

♦ Click the Hire New Mechanic button.

Now you have a Mechanic in your employ, but you need to get him into the park.

♦ Move the mouse pointer over the landscape and position the Mechanic (hanging from the pincers) directly over one of the paths.

♦ Click to drop the Mechanic into the park.

Your new employee will wander the park, inspecting every ride on a set schedule (a schedule you can control for each ride using an option on the Operation Options display). When any ride breaks down, a radio call goes out to the nearest Mechanic, and he hurries to fix the ride.

That’s the tutorial! Now that you’ve watched it through, get in there and try a few things yourself. Once you’ve got some practice under your belt, let’s move on to some more possibilities.

 

 

 

]]> To open the ride, click the green light on the right side of the > Merry-Go-Round 1 window. (If the window isn't open, click on the > Entrance or the ride itself to open the window.) Now you have an open ride, but the park is still closed. > Hold the right mouse button down and move your cursor to "drag" the > landscape until the park entrance is in view. You see that the main > park entrance sign is still flashing a Closed message. > > Click on the entrance to open the Forest Frontiers window. > > Click the green light (just like the one that was in the ride > window), and the park is open for business. > > Close the Forest Frontiers window. > > Close the Merry-Go-Round 1 window. You now have one ride working and the park open. It's time to build something a bit more ambitious. Click the New Ride button again. Select the Rollercoasters tab (the face flying downhill). &diams > Steel Mini Roller Coaster picture, then click the Build This button. > The Select Track Design window opens. > > At th can choose to construct one of the pre-designed track layouts, or you can choose to build a custom coaster. We're being ambitious, so let's go with the latter. Select Build Custom > the Roller Coaster Construction window opens. > > The Station Platform is pr the first item to be built. That's because, on the completed ride, the Entrance and Exit must be adjacent to the station platform. Positioning the station first is good planning. Move the mouse pointer over the l > e cursor is a white box with a yellow arrow in it (like the Entrance > cursor). The box marks where the first piece of Station Platform > will be built and the arrow shows the direction the cars will > travel. > > Click once to build the first piece of Station Platform. > > Now, move the mouse pointer back to the construction window and > click on the Station Platform picture in the window three times to > build the remainder of the platform. The cursor moves forward each > time and continues flashing. > > Next, we're going to create the st the length of track in which a motorized chain pulls the cars up an incline to set up the rest of the ride. First, we determine the direction of the next piece of track. Near the top of the construction window, select the center arrow (the Straight button). Second, we set the grade (rise or drop) of the next piece of track. Below the direction buttons, find and click on the Mild Incline button (just to the right of center). Lastly, we add the pulling chain to this section of track. Click on the Chain button (to the right of the incline buttons). You probably noticed that as you made your selections, some of the choices in the other areas changed from available to unavailable or vice versa. What you can do at any point in the design of a roller coaster depends on the structural and functional limits -- and the safety regulations -- appropriate to the type of track you're designing. Click on the picture of the track piece (as you did > ion Platform) to add it to the design. > > If you understand how you built that straight, inclined, ch of track, then the rest of the design and construction process should be clear to you. Curves, drops and everything else is built using exactly the same process -- choose a direction, choose a grade, then build the section. As we build this particular design, however, we run into a few of the limits on what we can do. (This is not a complete list, but it covers the issues we run into during the tutorial.) In order to switch from a rising track to a droppi > u must have at least one piece of straight track in the middle. > > There is a limit to how high above the land you can safely raise > track using supports. You cannot build track underground unless you > prepare the land for it. > > Track can be run under or over existing track, provided there is > enough room (vertical clearance) for the cars to pass through. > However, it is a violation of the safety code to build > intersections, so you cannot have the track cross itself at the same > level. > > If you build yourself into a corner or decide to make a c n use the Demolish button (the bulldozer) to remove the previous section of track. The last piece of track must connect to the first piece (the Station > o create a closed loop. The height marks visible on every section of > track help you to line things up. > > Now that the track itself is complete, you must position and build > an Entra it for Roller Coaster 1. Only you can decide when the design is done, so the Entrance button is not activated for you (as it was when you built the Merry-Go-Round). Click on the Entrance button in the Roller Coaster Construction win > Position the Entrance square adjacent to the Station Platform > (leaving room for the Exit) and click to build it. > > The Exit button is selected for you when the Entrance is complete. > Position the Exit square adjacent to the Station Platform and click > to build it. (The Roller Coaster 1 window opens.) > > The design and construction of your RollerCoaster are complete, but > you ca sure how well it will work unless you test it. Testing also helps you determine how much to charge for it and how popular the ride should be. In the Roller Coaster 1 window, click the amber light between the red (Clos > (Open) lights. The ride begins its test run. > > Select the tab with the pocket watch. This shows you the > Measurements and Test Dat At first, there is no information in this display. When the first test run is complete, much of the missing data is filled in. We explain what all this means later in the manual. For now, what's important is that the ride runs smoothly. Select the View tab (the video camera). Click the red light to shut the roller coaster down (stop the test runs). &d > the Roller Coaster 1 window. > > When you know the coaster works, it's time to create the associated > Queuing Line and When that's done you have a completed, tested roller coaster with paths and a waiting area, but it's still closed. Click on the Entrance to open the Roller Coaster 1 window. Click the green light t > ide. > > Now that the new ride is open and functional, you need to set an > admission price. This is perhaps the mo decision you make for each ride. Not only does the price influence how much money you make, it also affects the popularity of the ride and, therefore, the attitudes of your guests. Return to the Roller Coaster 1 window, and click the Income and Costs tab (the coin and ticket). Click the small up arrow several times to adjust the Admission Price to $3.00. Lastly, let&rsqu > e that the roller coaster is operating in the most efficient manner. > After all, you don't ests waiting too long for the ride to start. Select the Operation Options tab (the gears). Click the down arrow to open the Wait For box. Choose Wait For Any Load. Leave the Minimum Wait and Maximum Wait t > are. > > This sets the ride to begin when one of two things happens -- either > the ride has a load of passengers or the cars have been sittin ion Platform for the Maximum Wait time. (Even if the ride has a full load, the cars will not leave the station until the Minimum Wait time has elapsed.) Go to the View tab and close the Roller Coaster 1 window. Finally, we must consider the long-term operation of the park and the safety of the guests. Every ride is a mechanical device, and machines have a tendency to become worn and break down. We need a Mechanic to perform regular inspections of each ride and repair those that do stop working. Click the Staff button. The Staff window opens. Select the Mechanics tab (the man in the blue work uniform). Click the Hire New Mechanic button. Now you have a Mechanic in your employ, but you need to get him into the park. >> > > Move the mouse pointer over the landsca on the Mechanic (hanging from the pincers) directly over one of the paths. Click to drop th > nto the park. > > Your new employee will wander the park, inspecting every ride on a > set schedule (a schedule you can control for each ride using an > option on the Operation Options di any ride breaks down, a radio call goes out to the nearest Mechanic, and he hurries to fix the ride. That's the tutorial! Now that you've watched it through, get in there and try a few things yourself. Once you've got some practice under your belt, let's move on to some more possibilities. ]]> Based on the beloved RollerCoaster Tycoon® franchise, RollerCoaster Tycoon® 4 Mobile™ is now available on your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch and Android devices!
Create and share the amusement park of your dreams and construct incredible roller coasters and rides to keep your visitors happy.

Create the best park, unlock new materials, and exchange coaster blueprints with friends online to become the ultimate RollerCoaster Tycoon®!

Genre: Free to Play – Simulation
GAME FEATURES
Intuitive RollerCoaster Editor.

20 pre-designed coasters.

Over 50 different attractions, restaurants, concession stands, hotels, and decorations Unlock new materials to construct cooler, faster and taller coasters.

Grow your economy by creating the ultimate amusement park.

Connect with friends on Facebook and Game Center Share roller coaster blueprints.

Top the Game Center leaderboards online.

The game is pre-loaded with over $5.00 of in-game currency.

 

GAME REQUIREMENTS
 
iOS:
Requires iOS 5.0 or later.
Compatible with iPhone, iPad,
and iPod Touch.
System Requirements:
This app is optimized for iPhone 5.
Android:
Requires Android 4.0.3 and up

 

Developer / Studio: 
On5
Release Date: 
Thursday, April 10, 2014

]]>
Atari® returns to the living room with a completely modern video computer system. Learn more at AtariVCS.com! New and classic games meet streaming media and a universe of web-powered entertainment. Atari VCS™ delivers unprecedented levels of flexibility and control that will help transform how we Interact with our TV’s, just as the original Atari 2600 did four decades ago.

 

The Atari OS is Linux-based and will let you add your own software and apps to customize your own platform.

A planned line of Atari VCS peripherals and accessories will let you build your own Game and Entertainment-Powered “Connected Home” experience.

 

AT A GLANCE - WITH ATARI VCS YOU CAN:

PLAY

Discover new and classic games on Atari’s new open platform, powered by AMD Ryzen™ with Radeon™ Graphics Technology.

STREAM

Watch your favorite web-based streaming videos and entertainment at up to 4K resolution and 60fps and play cloud-streamed games.

CREATE

Develop new TV-based games and apps for yourself, your family, or to share with the Atari VCS community.

CONNECT

Atari’s first connected device opens new possibilities to play with friends and publish your creations as part of an expansive community of gamers, fans and devs.

*Subscriptions(s) required for advanced and third-party services. Atari VCS 800 models feature native 4K HDR video.

EVERY ATARI VCS INCLUDES THE ATARI VAULT, FEATURING OVER 100 HOME AND ARCADE CLASSICS!

Featuring USB 3.0, HDMI, WiFi™, Ethernet, and Bluetooth® connectivity, the all new Atari VCS™ delivers unprecedented levels of flexibility and control, transforming how we Interact with our TV’s, just as the original Atari 2600 did four decades ago. The powerful AMD Ryzen™ processor featuring Radeon™ Graphics Technology can handle it all, including 4K HDR video streaming.

 

APPS AND GAMES

Enjoy access to all-new games, remastered favorites, classic console emulators, streaming multimedia and personal apps — or create and share your own. Load existing PC game libraries via Sandbox PC mMode and play triple-A and indie favorites too.

 

BORN TO BE DIFFERENT

Reboot into Sandbox PC Mode and unlock a powerful multimedia PC for unmatched freedom and versatility you can’t get with any other home game system. Install your favorite programs, apps and compatible PC game libraries from Steam, Origin, BattleNet, etc. and play. (Secondary operating system like Windows, Linux, or Chrome not included.)

 

TOTAL CONTROL

Atari’s iconic joystick is reborn as the new Atari VCS Classic Joystick with new features like rumble, LED light effects and a 2nd fire button to give retro gaming new life. The all new Atari VCS Modern Controller completes the family for full-featured gameplay. Both are Bluetooth® wireless, rechargeable, PC/mobile compatible, and loaded with Atari spirit.

USE YOUR OWN PERIPHERALS AND ACCESSORIES

Atari VCS provides universal peripheral connectivity, so it also works just as well with your other PC input devices, including:

Bluetooth and USB game controllers
Mouse and Keyboard
External Storage
Webcams
Microphones
External Speakers
Headphones
THE ATARI VCS 800 COLLECTORS EDITION

Indiegogo Exclusive Atari VCS 800 Collector's Edition - SOLD OUT

Atari VCS Day One Collector’s Edition was exclusively available via this Indiegogo pre-sale and only for a limited time! That time has ended. The Atari VCS team will continue to keep backers informed of all progress and provide new updates and publish new development blogs throughout the rest of this year and beyond. 

 

The Atari VCS 800 "Day One" Collector’s Edition is our SOLD OUT tribute to the original Atari 2600 home console that was created specifically for our Indiegogo campaign. It features a teakwood front panel made, unique numbering, and a matching certificate of authenticity with each unit. Only 6,000 numbered and authenticated Atari VCS 800 Collector’s Editions will be produced and they have all been spoken for. The Collector's Edition is an 800-series (8GB RAM) model and completely different from any new  wood-face designs (such as "Black Walnut") and will remain a rare and treasured item for anyone lucky enough to receive one.

 

Atari VCS 800 Onyx Edition

Sleek, modern and stealthy with a glossy blacked-out face, "Atari red" back plate and illuminated Fuji logo. 

All  backers who ordered Onyx models during the Indiegogo campaign will receive 8GB RAM  units (now designated "800") as promised.

 

]]> Atari VCS 800 System Technical Specifications* 
Specification*

Measurement 

Dimensions

11.6" x 5.9" x 1.9" (Approx.)

Weight

3 lbs. (Approx.)

Materials

Plastic, Metal, Wood, other

Operating System

Atari Custom OS  (Linux Kernel)

APU

AMD Ryzen™ Embedded R1000 SoC with “Zen” CPU

GPU

"Vega" GPU architecture

Storage

32GB eMMC internal, unlimited external USB HD/stick, cloud (subscription required)

RAM

8GB DDR4 RAM (upgradeable)

Compatible Systems

Linux, Windows, Steam OS, Chrome OS, other

Wireless Connections

Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n 2.4/5GHz, Bluetooth 4.0

Wired Connections

HDMI 2.0, Gigabit Ethernet, 4x USB 3.1

USB Ports

2x front, 2x rear

External Inputs

Classic Joystick, Modern Controller, Microphone, Others TBD

Mouse & Keyboard Support

Yes, USB or Bluetooth

4K video with HDCP 2.2 Integration

Yes

Internet Connection Required

Not for classic gaming but required to access all features

 

Atari Classic Joystick Technical Specifications*

Features

Spec (US)

Approx. Dimensions

6.0" x 4.5" x 6" (Approx.)

Rotating center joystick w/paddle function

Yes

Top Trigger button

Yes

Side Trigger button

Yes

Home/Menu buttons

Yes

Rumble

Yes

LED ring

Yes

Bluetooth Wireless

Yes

USB Micro

Yes

Rechargeable Lithium Ion Battery

Yes

LED charge indicator

Yes

Approx. Weight

16 oz.

PC, Android Compatible

Yes

USB play/charge cable (9'8")

Yes

Headset jack

No

 

Atari Modern Controller Technical Specifications*

Features

Spec (US)

Dimensions

6.0" x 4.5" x 2" (Approx.)

L/R Thumb sticks (including LSB and RSB)

Yes

L/R Triggers, Shoulder buttons

Yes

Home/Menu buttons

Yes

D-Pad

Yes

ABXY function buttons

Yes

Ergonomic grip

Yes

Rumble

Yes

Bluetooth Wireless

Yes

USB Micro

Yes

Rechargeable Battery

Yes

LED charge indicator

Yes

Approx. Weight

16 oz.

PC, Android Compatible

Yes

USB play/charge cable ('9.8")

Yes

Headset jack

No

 

* All product specifications are subject to change. Final specifications may differ.

]]> The Atari community keeps our brand and legendary lineup of games and hardware alive. Today’s Atari is a progressive company made up of hardcore Atari fans like so many of you.
The all-new Atari VCS project was ideated, created, and developed by Atari to capture the same spirit, heritage, and DNA of the original. It is also well-funded; but we wanted and needed to connect with new fans, while having an open dialog with all of you as we developed this exciting new Atari device. 

The Indiegogo partnership helped reach out to and connect with a highly-engaged community and is a perfect vehicle to directly involve both existing and new Atari fans.

This  crowdfunding strategy helped us verify the community’s interest in and support for a new Atari game system, bring new fans into the fold, and gather the feedback we need to make the Atari VCS the best gaming and entertainment device it can possibly be.

]]> Real resources, real followers, and real desire. Indiegogo has been genuinely passionate about the Atari VCS at every stage of its development. It is also going to be incredibly helpful in building the new audience relationships we need to finalize this product over the next several months and bring it to life in a big way. 
]]> The first batch of Atari VCS systems and peripherals are for our Indiegogo backers and will be headed to production very soon. These machines are currently scheduled to start shipping to backers in December 2019. Additional information and updates will be communicated directly with backers on a regular basis between now and when actual shipping commences. The Atari VCS team will also continue making regular posts to its Atari VCS Development Blog. 
All existing Indiegogo backers will receive Atari VCS 800 (8GB RAM) models. 

All future Atari VCS products purchased, including those purchased starting with the Atari VCS Official Online Pre-sale, are scheduled to start shipping in March 2020.

See AtariVCS.com and retail partner sites for more information.

* Dates and schedules are subject to change due to unforeseen circumstances.

]]> We've partnered with BackerKit to ensure that Atari VCS backers have the absolute smoothest experience possible. BackerKit service starts when our Indiegogo campaign is over. 
If you are a backer who needs to change addresses, want a different package, or need to change anything about your order details, Atari and BackerKit will be there to help you out! 

Backers' shipping information and other order details are managed via your BackerKit account. If you are a backer and have not completed a survey, please do so here: https://atari-vcs.backerkit.com. This process is essential for timely delivery of your perks! 

]]> Atari VCS™ is a video computer system and platform that lets users enjoy games, video, music and other favorite PC experience on their TV.
]]> Atari VCS is being developed by Atari and a talented team of contributing partners.
]]> Atari VCS brings PC power and flexibility, voice-control, games and entertainment, and an open platform for creativity to the TV.
]]> From $249.99 to $389.99 depending on bundled configurations.
]]> Pre-order Atari VCS now on AtariVCS.com or at one of Atari’s retail partner sites.  
]]> What you get depends on the bundle or system configuration you choose.
]]> Multiple hardware configurations and designs. Retro and modern PC games, streaming media, web browsing, customizable Atari OS and open Sandbox Mode.
]]> During the Indiegogo campaign, Atari offered the Atari VCS Onyx (Black) Edition and the Atari VCS Collector's Edition with wood panel and certificate of authenticity, which is now completely sold out.
]]> Secure open PC-architecture, AMD Ryzen processor, custom Atari OS, Sandbox Mode that allows installation of any compatible OS for unique developer and community freedom.
]]> Standard AC power, rechargeable accessories
]]> Our system takes advantage of the AMD architecture using secure boot, AMD PSP (Platform Security Processor) and Hypervisor technologies 
]]> There will be software updates, new games and content, new accessories and input devices, etc.
]]> HDMI, WiFi, Ethernet, Bluetooth, USB
]]> Customized Atari interface and optimized OS based on Linux.
]]> Yes. (Game dependent.)
]]> Atari will enable assorted classic games, reimagined versions of its legendary IP, plus new games from Atari and independent developers.
]]> We are working on this feature and in ongoing discussions with Twitch about what is possible. More details will be shared when they become available.
]]> We plan to make in-game chat services available.
]]> Atari is working on exclusive new versions of classic games. Some will support PvP online multiplayer. 
]]> From the Atari interface users could access to the following services:

 - Atari classic games
 - Atari and 3rd party new games
 - Atari VCS storefront
 - Streaming TV services (Netflix, Hulu, HBO GO, etc.)
 - Streaming music services (Pandora, Spotify, SiriusXM, etc.)
 - Web Browser
 - Customizable Curated Desktop
 - Gaming Communities (Homebrew)
 - Learning Services

]]> Yes. Games from Steam and other platforms that meet Atari VCS hardware specifications should work or can be accessed via Sandbox Mode installations.
]]> Easy plug-and-play via HDMI connection to TV or monitor. Internet will be required to access certain features and updates.
]]> Compatible with current available Bluetooth/USB controllers and other input devices, plus voice command for certain features.
]]> Light duster or slightly damp cloth. No chemical cleaners should ever be used.
]]> 9 - 99: Like any electronic device, young children will require adult supervision.
]]> Product will be safety compliant to be sold in the USA, Canada, European Union, Australia/New Zealand, China, Japan, Brazil, and Mexico. Must meet minimum Product Safety requirement on any surface exposed to the customer.
]]> - Product will comply with the applicable EMC (includes conducted and radiated
 emissions and immunity testing) standards in the following regions: USA,
 Canada, European Union, Australia/New Zealand, China, Japan, Brazil, and
 Mexico. Product must meet minimum ESD requirements as part of standard 
 EMC / immunity testing (4 kV contact and 8 kV air discharge).

 - Product will comply with the applicable RF/intended emissions standards in the
 following regions: USA, Canada, European Union, Australia/New Zealand,
 China, Brazil, and Japan.


 Product will be RoHS compliant.
 Product will be WEEE compliant.
 Product will be REACH compliant

]]> Atari VCS is designed for many years of reliable use, but it should not be dropped or have objects placed on top of it.
]]> Atari does not share or sell any information it may collect. Please be aware of 3rd party service providers' policies. 
]]> The main Atari OS and content downloaded will be encrypted in the HDD.
]]> Voice control and chat services will be available via attached microphones. Webcams and other devices may be installed by the user. Third party providers are responsible for providing privacy information about their products and services.
]]> Photosensitive Seizure Warning 

A very small percentage of people may experience a seizure when exposed to certain visual images, including flashing lights or patterns that may appear in video games. Even people who have no history of seizures or epilepsy may have an undiagnosed condition that can cause photosensitive epileptic seizures while watching video games.

]]> December 2019 is the target date for the first shipments to Indiegogo backers. Retail distribution is expected to follow shortly after in March 2020.
]]> Standard ground shipping services will be used. Location dependent.
]]> Initial sales will be in the USA. Canada, UK, Europe and Australia/New Zealand and others will be added at later dates.
]]> The Atari VCS Vault comes free with every VCS and includes 100 Atari 2600 and Atari arcade games from the ’70s and ’80s, now remastered for the Atari VCS.
 
Enjoy classic titles like Asteroids, Centipede, Tempest, and many more, paired with the all-new, re-imagined Classic Joystick.
 
The store will also include a variety of new video games, such as Atari 50: The Anniversary Collection. Also includes a wide variety of indie developers and game studios. Game announcements are posted in Atari VCS social channels as well as on our website https://atarivcs.com/games
 

 

 

]]> The Atari VCS runs a custom Atari OS based on an optimized Debian distribution of Linux.]]>
Technical specifications are available on each individual product page on https://atari.com/collections/shop
]]> The Atari VCS comes with two 4GB SODIMM RAM modules for a total of 8GB of RAM. The RAM can be upgraded to a maximum of 32GB.
]]> In PC Mode, users are able to install and boot from their own choice of operating system. Currently the Atari VCS supports Windows, various flavors of Linux, and other operating systems that users may wish to add such as Steam OS and Chrome OS.
The Atari VCS is powered by an AMD Ryzen R1606G processor with Radeon “Vega” graphics technology, which is a modern X86 PC processor. AMD created these processors to power “Mini PC” class devices, which are small-but-highly-capable computers that don’t take up too much space and can easily fit into an existing media or gaming setups. In spite of such a small form factor, the R1606G processor used in the Atari VCS allows for HD gaming and supports a variety of video codecs for 4K HDR videos and streaming.

By building the VCS on a solid PC foundation and taking this open “hybrid” approach, we are giving consumers a versatile two-in-one device that is more powerful than Android-based platforms. The console-like Atari Dashboard provides games, apps and entertainment offerings, including streaming services. PC Mode provides an open experience for the TV, including streaming, office applications, social platforms, browsing, music, and more.

The Atari system is compatible with most PC peripherals like keyboards, mice and the game controllers and various other accessories many users will already have at home, which all adds to the products’ flexibility and open nature.

The latest AMD Ryzen PC hardware and the software flexibility of the Atari VCS is just the beginning. By using standard SODIMM memory units and providing an open M.2 SSD socket, there is a pathway for more skilled users to expand the hardware’s capabilities to allow for more demanding PC games and applications.

 

 

]]> At this time we are only accepting orders in the U.S. (https://atari.com/collections/shop). 
]]> Development of new games for the Atari VCS is underway, and we are actively looking for developers and publishers that can bring new titles as well as games from their back-catalog to our platform.
Publishers and developers can submit new and existing games and apps for inclusion in the Atari VCS store to expand your audience and generate revenue. Our revenue share is very favorable, 80% to developers for non-exclusive titles, 88% for exclusive titles.

There is no need to wait for a SDK or dev kit. Creators can start developing for the Atari VCS right now with Unity or standard Linux tools

To learn more and submit your work, please visit https://shop.atarivcs.com/developer 

]]> If you're a fan of the Atari Vault, be sure to check out the Extended DLC, which adds 50 classic and rare titles!
 
Get it here: https://store.steampowered.com/app/1104680/Atari_Vault__50_Game_AddOn_Pack/
 

 
]]> Manuals for the Atari VCS, Modern Controller and Classic Joystick can be found at https://atari.com/pages/vcs-manuals
 

]]> 
The classic joystick has a light behind the Atari Fuji logo button in the top right, and a ring of LED lights around the joystick. The behavior of the lights has specific meaning. 

 

The Atari Fuji logo button in the top right of the controller:

 

Flashing quickly on and off = attempting to pair via Bluetooth

Flashing slowly on and off = attempting to reconnect via Bluetooth

Steady glow = powered on

 

The ring of LED lights around the joystick will glow when the controller is powered on. When first powered on, these lights will also indicate the battery charge level.

0% to 25% of LED ring = 0 to 25% battery life

26% to 50% of LED ring = 26 to 50% battery life

 51% to 75% of LED ring = 51 to 75% battery life

76% to 100% of LED ring = 76 to 100% battery life

During gameplay, the LED lights will glow brighter as the joystick is pushed or rotated to indicate direction. Game developers are able to add their own effects to activate the LED ring during gameplay.

 

]]> The Atari VCS Wireless Classic Joystick is designed to work with the Atari VCS but is also compatible with most PCs and Xbox consoles.
 

]]> Q1. My Wireless Classic Joystick is not pairing.
A1. Confirm that the joystick is charged by pressing the Atari Fuji logo button, if the button does not glow, you must connect charge the battery using the USB Play/Charge cable.

A2. Confirm you are following the pairing process listed above.

 

]]> To pair your modern controller with your Atari VCS via Bluetooth:
1. Power on your Atari VCS.

2. Wait for the Atari logo animation to finish playing.

3. You will see a flashing blue icon on the screen to indicate that the VCS is seeking a connection.

4. Press and hold the Atari Fuji logo button on the controller until you see a message on your monitor that the Atari VCS has recognized and connected to the controller.

Once a controller is paired, it will auto-connect when next powered on by simply pressing the Atari Fuji logo button. The Fuji will flash slowly, and after a few seconds you will see a message at the top of the Atari VCS screen indicating the Joystick is connected. The battery will need to be recharged occasionally by plugging into the USB.

 

]]> The Atari VCS Wireless Modern Controller is designed to work with the Atari VCS but is also compatible with most PCs, mobile devices, and Xbox consoles.
The Atari VCS Modern Controller can also emulate an Xbox One controller. To enter the PC Mode press and hold the BACK and CONTEXT MENU buttons simultaneously for five seconds. The Atari Fuji logo button will flash on and off until the controller has entered PC Mode.

 

]]> 
Q1. My Wireless Modern Controller is not pairing.

A1. Confirm that the controller is charged by pressing the Atari Fuji logo button, if the button does not glow, you must connect charge the battery using the USB Play/Charge cable.

A2. Confirm you are following the pairing process listed above.

A3. Update the controller firmware.

      1. In the Atari VCS Dashboard, for to System -> Devices

      2. Select “Update Controllers”

 

Q2. My Wireless Modern Controller is drifting/moving on its own or is responding inaccurately.

A1. Recalibrate your controller:

1. Connect the MicroUSB cable to the MicroUSB port of the controller.

2. Hold down the “back arrow”, “Atari Fuji logo” and “3 lines” buttons at the same time and connect the USB cable to the USB port of your VCS (or PC).

3. The LED will give a quick flash indicating this controller is in the calibrate mode.

4. Rotate the left joystick 360 degrees three times. Rotate the right joystick 360 degrees three times.

5. Press the left trigger all the way down three times. Press the right trigger all the way down three times.

6. Press both the "D-PAD Down" and "Y" button at the same time to save and exit the calibrate mode.

 

]]> Devices 2. Select "Update Controllers" Q2. MY WIRELESS MODERN CONTROLLER IS DRIFTING/MOVING ON ITS OWN OR IS RESPONDING INACCURATELY. A1. Recalibrate your controller: 1. Connect the MicroUSB cable to the MicroUSB port of the controller. 2. Hold down the "back arrow", "Atari Fuji logo" and "3 lines" buttons at the same time and connect the USB cable to the USB port of your VCS (or PC). 3. The LED will give a quick flash indicating this controller is in the calibrate mode. 4. Rotate the left joystick 360 degrees three times. Rotate the right joystick 360 degrees three times. 5. Press the left trigger all the way down three times. Press the right trigger all the way down three times. 6. Press both the "D-PAD Down" and "Y" button at the same time to save and exit the calibrate mode. ]]> When you boot or restart your VCS it will check to see if there is a system or BIOS update, and if one is available, it will download and install automatically.
You must wait for this process to complete before logging into your profile.

You can check and see if an update is available by navigating to SYSTEMS > GENERAL SETTINGS > SYSTEM UPDATES.

If an update is available, you can continue to use your VCS while the update downloads. The update will be applied when you next power cycle the VCS.

 

]]> GENERAL SETTINGS > SYSTEM UPDATES. If an update is available, you can continue to use your VCS while the update downloads. The update will be applied when you next power cycle the VCS. ]]> If you do not remember your PIN code, you can reset it by following these stps:
After starting up, select your Atari account
On the ENTER PIN screen, select Reset PIN in the lower right corner of the screen
You will receive an email with a confirmation link that will enable you to create a new PIN.
Your PIN must be comprised of six (6) numbers
 

 

 

 

]]> Navigate to SYSTEMS > NETWORK > Wi-Fi. The screen will indicate if WiFi is on or off. 
Once WiFi is set to "on", you can select a network from the list that appears on the screen.

If your WiFi network requires a password, you will be prompted to enter it.

The VCS will reconnect to this WiFi network every time it is powered on.

To disconnect from WiFi, simply toggle WiFi to "off."

 

 

]]> NETWORK > Wi-Fi. The screen will indicate if WiFi is on or off. Once WiFi is set to "on", you can select a network from the list that appears on the screen. If your WiFi network requires a password, you will be prompted to enter it. The VCS will reconnect to this WiFi network every time it is powered on. To disconnect from WiFi, simply toggle WiFi to "off." ]]> Configure a new Ethernet connection on your VCS by going to SYSTEMS > NETWORK > ETHERNET. Toggle Ethernet into the on position. If your VCS is connected to a network via an Ethernet cable, the VCS will automatically connect to it once Ethernet is toggled on, you will see your network name appear on the screen.
]]> NETWORK > ETHERNET. Toggle Ethernet into the on position. If your VCS is connected to a network via an Ethernet cable, the VCS will automatically connect to it once Ethernet is toggled on, you will see your network name appear on the screen.]]> The VCS offers two screen resolutions, HD and UHD. To check and change settings, go to SYSTEM > GENERAL SETTINGS > DISPLAY.
The resolution you are currently using will be indcated by the black circle.

      Full HD (1920 x 1080)
      Ultra HD (3840 x 2180)
To select a resolution, navigate to the resolution you want to set and press the "A" button (the red button on the joystick). 

]]> GENERAL SETTINGS > DISPLAY. The resolution you are currently using will be indcated by the black circle. * Full HD (1920 x 1080) * Ultra HD (3840 x 2180) To select a resolution, navigate to the resolution you want to set and press the "A" button (the red button on the joystick). ]]> You can set the amount of time before your VCS enters sleep mode by going to SYSTEM > GENERAL SETTINGS > PREFERENCES.
You may select from:

        15 Minutes
        20 Minutes
        30 Minutes
        1 Hour
        Never
]]> GENERAL SETTINGS > PREFERENCES. You may select from: * 15 Minutes * 20 Minutes * 30 Minutes * 1 Hour * Never ]]> In the event that you want to return the VCS software to its original state, you can perform a Factory Reset.
Access Factory Reset by going to SYSTEM > General Settings > Factory Reset.

You will be presented with two options when resetting the software:

      Remove all the profiles and settings, but keeps your downloaded content.
      Remove all the downloaded games and apps.
In both cases, your account profile remains active, and you will be able to log in to the VCS using you email address and PIN.

 

]]> General Settings > Factory Reset. You will be presented with two options when resetting the software: * Remove all the profiles and settings, but keeps your downloaded content. * Remove all the downloaded games and apps. In both cases, your account profile remains active, and you will be able to log in to the VCS using you email address and PIN. ]]> If we want to pair a brand-new controller/joystick to our VCS we can do it easily by going to SYSTEM > Devices > Pair New Controllers.
Once we are there, the VCS will start looking for any new controller and once is detected will ask you to press a key in order to finish the pairing process, as you can see below:



 

]]> Devices > Pair New Controllers. Once we are there, the VCS will start looking for any new controller and once is detected will ask you to press a key in order to finish the pairing process, as you can see below: ]]> To see which controllers are connected to the VCS, navigate to SYSTEM > Devices > My Devices, and the VCS will show all controllers and joysticks connected to our VCS.
]]> Devices > My Devices, and the VCS will show all controllers and joysticks connected to our VCS.]]> To see the storage capacity of internal and external hard drives attached to the Atari VCS, go to Storage under SYSTEM.  
Each connected drive will indicate available space, in both percentage and gigabytes.

 

]]> The Atari VCS will periodically offer updates to the software for the Modern Controller and Classic Joystick.
To check if your controller needs to be updated, navigate in the Dashboard to SYSTEM > Device > Update Controllers.

 

If your controller has the most recent software, you will see a note that says "Up to date."

If your controller needs a software update, you will see the message "Update now."

 

To update your controller:

Connect the controller using the provided USB cable. Controllers must be connected via this cable to be updated.
Select update by pressing the "A" button on your controller or joystick.
 

]]> Device > Update Controllers. If your controller has the most recent software, you will see a note that says "Up to date." If your controller needs a software update, you will see the message "Update now." To update your controller: * Connect the controller using the provided USB cable. Controllers must be connected via this cable to be updated. * Select update by pressing the "A" button on your controller or joystick. ]]> Most non-VR games and apps developed in Unity will be readily compatible with the Atari VCS. For existing titles, porting to the Atari VCS is typically light work and mostly involves mapping to our gamepad and joystick controllers. Joystick compatibility is not required, but is encouraged when the form factor provides benefit to gameplay.
Controller mapping tables have been developed for both the current version of Unity, and the previous Unity Input Manager. A table has alse been created for Rewired, and other methods are being added as we run into them. 

To learn more about our developer program and to submit your work, please visit shop.atarivcs.com/developer

]]> The Atari VCS uses a version of the Debian Linux OS and supports games and apps developed using standard 64-bit Linux code, APIs, and tools. You can expect a large majority of Linux-compatible content to be fully compatible with the Atari VCS.
 

]]> Most non-VR games and apps developed in Unity will be readily compatible with the Atari VCS. Porting a game from Unity is typically light work, and mostly involves mapping to our modern controller and classic joystick. Joystick compatibility is not required, but is encouraged when the form factor benefits gameplay.
Controller mapping tables are available for both the curent version of Unity, and the oler Unity Input Manager. We have also created tables for ReWired and can work with developers to ensure compatibility via other solutions as well.

You do not need a special SDK or dev kit to develop content for the VCS, but dev kits are available once a game has been submitted and accepted for distribution. 

If you are dveeloping a game in Unity, or have a completed game, that you would like to bring to the Atari VCS please visit shop.atarivcs.com/developer to submit your work and we will contact you.

 

]]> The modern controller has a light behind the Atari Fuji logo button in the top right, as well as (4) four LED lights directly below the Atari Fuji logo button. The behavior of the lights has specific meaning. 
 

The Atari Fuji logo button in the center of the controller:

Flashing quickly on and off = attempting to pair via Bluetooth

Flashing slowly on and off = attempting to reconnect via Bluetooth or if connected via USB

Steady glow = powered on

 

Four vertical LED lights:

One LED = 0 to 25% battery life

Two LEDs = 26 to 50% battery life

Three LEDs = 51 to 75% battery life

Four LEDs = 76 to 100% battery life

 

]]> To charge the controller, connect your Atari VCS Wireless Modern Controller to the Atari VCS using the USB Play/Charge cable. Plug the male mini-USB connector into the controller, and plug the male USB connector into any available USB port on the Atari VCS. You can also charge the controller via the USB port on a computer, and most standard USB wall chargers.
]]> The Atari VCS is now available!
You can purchase the VCS through the Atari website and the following retailers:

 

Atari VCS 

https://atarivcs.com/shop/

 

BestBuy 

https://www.bestbuy.com/site/atari-vcs-800-black-walnut-all-in-bundle/6459020.p?skuId=6459020

 

MicroCenter 

https://www.microcenter.com/product/627563/atari-vcs-800-black-walnut-full-bundle

 

GameStop 

https://www.gamestop.com/video-games/arcade/products/atari-vcs-800-onyx-all-in-system-bundle/11094776.html?gclid=CjwKCAjwt8uGBhBAEiwAayu_9a1zBqezV0LszOLJ8dn_hcTcAjUSqNDSjRWbMKUxc2fEG0QS2EV1KhoC5X4QAvD_BwE&gclsrc=aw.ds

 

Amazon

https://www.amazon.com/Atari-VCS-800-Onyx-All/dp/B09MSMH5QJ/ref=sr_1_2?keywords=atari+vcs&m=ANY0V4Y4YMUM7&qid=1675188857&s=merchant-items&sr=1-2&ufe=app_do%3Aamzn1.fos.c3015c4a-46bb-44b9-81a4-dc28e6d374b3

]]> Klarna is a service that allows you to spread your payment across four installments, with no fees. When you select the Klarna option at checkout, you will be asked to enter the credit or debit card of your choice for automatic payments every two weeks. No interest or added fees when you pay on time. Klarna reserves the right to reject customers who do not meet their qualifications.
 

]]> If you need to change or cancel your order, please contact us immediately. Once our warehouse has processed your order, we will be unable to make any changes. You can contact our support team here.
]]> Please email an address change request to support@atari.com, or use the contact form accessible via https://shop.atarivcs.com/support. Please include your name, email address, order number, and new address.
]]> The Atari VCS is a connected device, you need an Internet connection to create your account, download updates, make purchases, and access streaming services. The first time you power up your Atari VCS to set up your account, you must connect to Wifi. Even if you connect it to your network via an ethernet connection, that connection will be ignored until after you first login. Once you are logged into your account you can go into the system settings and activate the ethernet.
]]> The first time you use your Atari VCS it will automatically download an update to the operating system. This can take a few minutes, depending on the speed of your internet connection. We anticipate pushing an update periodically. 
]]> To charge the controller, connect your Atari VCS Wireless Classic Joystick to the Atari VCS using the USB Play/Charge cable. Plug the male mini-USB connector into the controller, and plug the male USB connector into any available USB port on the Atari VCS. You can also charge the controller via the USB port on a computer, and most standard USB wall chargers.
]]> To pair your classic joystick with your Atari VCS via Bluetooth:
Power on your Atari VCS.
Wait for the Atari logo animation to finish playing.
You will see a flashing blue icon on the screen to indicate that the VCS is seeking a connection.
Press and Hold the Atari Fuji logo button on the joystick until the Fuji flashes quickly indicating it is pairing, after a few seconds you will see a message on your monitor that the Atari VCS has recognized and connected to the joystick.
Once a joystick is paired, it will auto-connect when next powered on by simply pressing the Atari Fuji logo button. The fuji will flash slowly, and after a few seconds, you will see a message at the top of the Atari VCS screen indicating the joystick is connected. The battery will need to be recharged occasionally by plugging into the USB.



]]> Q1. My Wireless Modern Controller is not pairing.
A1. Confirm that the controller is charged by pressing the Atari Fuji logo button, if the button does not glow, you must charge the battery using the USB Play/Charge cable.

A2. Confirm you are following the pairing process listed above.

A3. Update the controller firmware.

      1. In the Atari VCS Dashboard, go to System -> Devices

      2. Select “Update Controllers”

 

Q2. My Wireless Modern Controller is drifting/moving on its own or is responding inaccurately.

A1. Recalibrate your controller:

Connect the MicroUSB cable to the MicroUSB port of the controller.
Hold down the “back arrow”, “Atari Fuji logo” and “3 lines” buttons at the same time and connect the USB cable to the USB port of your VCS (or PC).
The LED will give a quick flash indicating this controller is in the calibrate mode.
Rotate the left joystick 360 degrees three times. Rotate the right joystick 360 degrees three times.
Press the left trigger all the way down three times. Press the right trigger all the way down three times.
Press both the "D-PAD Down" and "Y" button at the same time to save and exit the calibrate mode.
 

 

 

]]> Devices 2. Select "Update Controllers" Q2. My Wireless Modern Controller is drifting/moving on its own or is responding inaccurately. A1. Recalibrate your controller: * Connect the MicroUSB cable to the MicroUSB port of the controller. * Hold down the "back arrow", "Atari Fuji logo" and "3 lines" buttons at the same time and connect the USB cable to the USB port of your VCS (or PC). * The LED will give a quick flash indicating this controller is in the calibrate mode. * Rotate the left joystick 360 degrees three times. Rotate the right joystick 360 degrees three times. * Press the left trigger all the way down three times. Press the right trigger all the way down three times. * Press both the "D-PAD Down" and "Y" button at the same time to save and exit the calibrate mode. ]]> We have tested cards from the following payment networks. Cards from other payment networks may or may not work. Additional payment options will be added in the future. If you have a card that does not work, please visit https://atarivcs.com/support and contact our customer service team. At this time we do not accept gift cards.
Visa

Visa (debit)

American Express

Discover

Mastercard

Mastercard (debit)

Mastercard (prepaid)

Mastercard (2-series)



Diners Club

Diners Club (14 digit)

JCB

UnionPay

 

]]> We have tested store transactions from the countries listed in the table below. If your country does not appear on our list, that does not mean we do not support transactions originating from your location, it only means we have not tested them yet. If you have trouble using a credit or debit card from your location, please visit https://atarivcs.com/support and contact our customer service team.
 

At this time we do not support 3D Secure cards. These cards are primarily used within the European Union. While some 3D secure cards may allow you to make purchases at our store without two-factor authentication, some may not.

Americas

Europe, Middle East & Africa

Asia-Pacific

United States (US)

Brazil (BR)

Canada (CA)

Mexico (MX)

Austria (AT)

Belgium (BE)

Bulgaria (BG)

Cyprus (CY)

Czech Republic (CZ)

Denmark (DK)

Estonia (EE)

Finland (Fl)

France (FR)

Germany (DE)

Greece (GR)

Hungary (HU)

Ireland (IE)

Italy (IT)

Latvia (LV)

Lithuania (LT)

Luxembourg (LU)

Malta (MT)

Netherlands (NL)

Norway (NO)

Poland (PL)

Portugal (PT)

Romania (RO)

Russian Federation (RU)

Slovenia (SI)

Slovakia (SK)

Spain (ES)

Sweden (SE)

Switzerland (CH)

United Kingdom (GB)

Australia (AU)

China (CN)

Hong Kong (HK)

India (IN)

Japan (JP)

Malaysia (MY)

New Zealand (NZ)

Singapore (SG)

 

]]> The Atari VCS Companion app was created to make browsing within streaming services and within the browser easier. While you can navigate in these environments with the Modern Controller and Classic Joystick, it can be a bit tricky. The Companion App replicates a mouse and keyboard on your phone or tablet, making it easy to scroll vertically, select items with more accuracy, and enter text into search and login fields.
]]> The companion app can be found in the Apple App Store and on Google Play. The app is free, simply search for the app by name and install it on your mobile device. You can also use the QR code below. Simply open the camera on your mobile device and point the camera at this QR code until it is in focus. Click the link that appears and it will take you directly to the appropriate page to download the app.



]]> It is important that you enter the same email address and PIN in the Companion App that you used to create your Atari VCS profile. You will only be able to use the Companion App if your login information matches exactly.
]]> In order to use the Companion app, you must connect your mobile device to your WiFi network. Your mobile device and your Atari VCS must also be on the same network. If they are not on the same network, your mobile device will be unable to see your VCS. You can connect your VCS to your network using ethernet, just make sure that the VCS is connected to the same network as your WiFi router.
]]> The VCS Dashboard currently supports a maximum of four (4) controllers (either via Bluetooth or USB). You can use any combination of Bluetooth and wired connections, but only 4 will be active at any time. The underlying hardware can support more than 4 controllers and we are evaluating increasing the active limit in the future.
]]> One of the more anticipated features of the Atari VCS is PC Mode, which allows you to install an operating system onto an external drive and boot your VCS as a PC. Our goal is to make the Atari VCS as open and flexible as possible while maintaining the best possible user experience across both PC Mode and Atari Mode.
How to create a Windows boot drive: https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0609/3658/5381/files/PC-Mode-Create-Windows-Boot-Drive.pdf?v=1663852714

 

]]> Installing an OS on an Internal vs External Hard Drive -- the boot order for the Atari VCS is:
external USB drive
internal M.2 SSD drive
Atari native OS 
If you install an OS on an external drive, you simply connect the drive to a USB port and power it on in order to boot to it. In order to boot to the native Atari OS, just disconnect the drive.

If you install an OS on an internal SSD selecting which OS to boot from is more complicated. In this scenario, the VCS will always boot to the OS on the SSD unless you intervene. In order to boot to the native Atari OS you need to access the UEFI menu, and then select the Atari native OS from the list of drives under Boot Manager.

 

 

]]> You need to use a 64-bit version of Windows with the Atari VCS. We have tested Windows 10 Home Edition, but you should have no problem using other versions as long as they meet the 64-bit requirement. 
Selecting external hard drives -- Windows is a large and complex OS that is prone to frequent, and fairly large updates. For optimal performance, we recommend that you use an external SSD drive that leaves a minimum of 30GB for Windows. Our minimum recommended SSD size is 64GB, leaving half the storage space for Windows and the other half for files and apps. If you plan on using PC Mode for additional PC Game libraries, you will want significantly more storage than that.

Installation time -- installing windows takes a long time. Between downloading the files, writing the installation, and then going through the multiple updates Windows will execute, expect to spend several hours watching the progress bar depending upon the speed of your computer.

]]> External Hard Drive(s) -- Linux can run from a traditional USB flash drive. We have tested both Unbuntu and Debian from flash drives. You can get by with a 32GB drive, but we recommend a minimum of 64GB so you have room to add applications and files. For optimal performance, we recommend that you use an external SSD drive instead of a flash drive. The installation will be a bit quicker, boot time will be faster, and performance will be better. 
Installation time -- while Linux will install much more quickly than Windows, expect to spend at least an hour creating an external Linux boot drive, especially if you have never done it before.

 

 

]]> The Atari VCS has an open M.2 slot on the motherboard, which allows you to add an M.2 SSD for additional storage.
M.2 compatibility -- The Atari VCS is compatible with M.2 SATA SSD drives. The SATA format has both a B and an M key -- the two notches at the bottom in the picture below. The NVMe format, which is incompatible with the Atari VCS, has only one notch. There is no known restriction on storage capacity.


Time and effort -- Installing an M.2 SSD in your Atari VCS is not an overly difficult task but does require some care to ensure you do not damage your VCS during the installation process. Both written and video installation guides are available in the links below to guide you through the process.

 

M.2 SSD Installation Guide: https://atarivcs.com/content/SSD-Installation-Guide.pdf

M.2 SSD Installation Guide (Video): https://youtu.be/rhc6g_p28TQ

 

 

]]> The Atari VCS comes with two 4GB SODIMM RAM modules for a total of 8GB of RAM. The RAM can be upgraded to a maximum of 32GB.
RAM compatibility -- The Atari VCS is compatible with DDR4-2400 SODIMM RAM. You must add RAM in pairs, so to achieve the maximum capacity of 32GB you would add two 16GB modules. Please note, SODIMM RAM is a different format that RAM used in desktop computers. Desktop memory will not fit in the Atari VCS.


        SODIMM RAM


Time and effort -- Installing RAM in your Atari VCS requires care to ensure you do not damage your VCS during the installation process. Installing the RAM itself is easy, but accessing it is much more difficult as the RAM is located on the bottom of the motherboard. To reach it you will need to remove the heat shield and unscrew the motherboard from the chassis. 

RAM Installation Guide https://atarivcs.com/content/RAM-Installation-Guide.pdf

]]> The Atari VCS is a connected device, you need an internet connection to create your account, download updates, make purchases, and access streaming services.
]]> After your payment is verified, it takes up to 24 hours to process and ship your order. This does not include weekends or holidays. Purchases made after 11 am PST will not be shipped out until the next business day. If you order after 11 am PST on a Friday, your order will likely be shipped out on the following Monday.
]]> All Atari VCS units currently ship to backers with US power cords (NEMA 5-15 grounded Type B). The power brick is dual currency and will work in any location. You will not need to use a transformer.  If you live in a market that uses a different plug type, you need to either use a travel adaptor or purchase a new power cable. The power cable you need is a c5, which has a "Mickey Mouse" or cloverleaf connector (see below).


]]> The Atari VCS is a connected device, you need an internet connection to create your account, download updates, make purchases, and access streaming services.
]]> The first time you use your Atari VCS it will automatically download an update to the operating system. This can take a few minutes, depending upon the speed of your internet connection. We anticipate pushing an update periodically.
]]> The Atari VCS Companion app was created to make browsing within streaming services and within the web browser easier. While you can navigate in these environments with the Modern Controller and Classic Joystick, it can be a bit tricky. The Companion app replicates a mouse and keyboard on your phone or tablet, making it easy to scroll vertically, select items with more accuracy, and enter text into search and login fields.
Where to find the Atari VCS Companion App

The companion app can be found in the Apple App Store and on Google Play. The app is free, simply use the links provided or search for the app by name and install it on your mobile device. You can also use the QR code below. Simply open the camera on your mobile device and point the camera at this QR code until it is in focus. Click the link that appears and it will take you directly to the appropriate page to download the app.



Logging into the Companion App

It is important that you enter the same email address and PIN in the Companion App that you used to create your Atari VCS profile. You will only be able to use the Companion App if your login information matches exactly.

Connecting the Companion App to your VCS

In order to use the Companion app you must connect your mobile device to your WiFi network. Your mobile device and your Atari VCS must also be on the same network. If they are not on the same network, your mobile device will be unable to see your VCS. You can connect your VCS to your network using ethernet, just make sure that the VCS is connected to the same network as your WiFi router.

 

]]> Number of Supported Controllers
The VCS Dashboard currently supports a maximum of 4 controllers (either via Bluetooth or USB). You can use any combination of Bluetooth and wired connections, but only (4) four will be active at any time. The underlying hardware can support more than 4 controllers and we are evaluating increasing the active limit in the future.

Updating Controller Software

You may periodically be prompted to update the software for your Atari controllers. To see if your controllers are up to date, navigate to the Devices page under System, and select Update Controllers from the menu on the left.  Each controller will either have a status of Up to date or Update now. If a controller says Update now, simply click on it and follow the instructions on the screen.



]]> One of the more anticipated features of the Atari VCS is PC Mode, which allows you to install an operating system onto an external drive and boot your VCS as a PC. Our goal is to make the Atari VCS as open and flexible as possible while maintaining the best possible user experience across both PC Mode and Atari Mode.
We have prepared a number of how-to documents and videos that walk you through installing a second operating system. Those can be accessed at https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0609/3658/5381/files/PC-Mode-Create-Windows-Boot-Drive.pdf?v=1663852714

Boot Order

Installing an OS on an Internal vs External Hard Drive -- the boot order for the Atari VCS is:

1) external USB drive

2) internal M.2 SSD drive

3) Atari native OS 

If you install an OS on an external drive, you simply connect the drive to a USB port and power it on in order to boot to it. In order to boot to the native Atari OS, just disconnect the drive.

If you install an OS on an internal SSD selecting which OS to boot from is more complicated. In this scenario, the VCS will always boot to the OS on the SSD unless you intervene. In order to boot to the native Atari OS you need to access the UEFI menu, and then select the Atari native OS from the list of drives under Boot Manager. 

 

Notes on Installing Windows

* You need to use a 64-bit version of Windows with the Atari VCS. We have tested Windows 10 Home Edition, but you should have no problem using other versions as long as they meet the 64-bit requirement. 

 

* Selecting external hard drives -- Windows is a large and complex OS that is prone to frequent, and fairly large updates. For optimal performance, we recommend that you use an external SSD drive that leaves a minimum of 30GB for Windows. Our minimum recommended SSD size is 64GB, leaving half the storage space for Windows and the other half for files and apps. If you plan on using PC Mode for additional PC Game libraries, you will want significantly more storage than that.

 

* Installation time -- installing windows takes a long time. Between downloading the files, writing the installation, and then going through the multiple updates Windows will execute, expect to spend several hours watching the progress bar depending upon the speed of your computer. 

How-To Create a Windows Boot Flash Drive 

Notes on Linux

* External Hard Drive(s) -- Linux can run from a traditional USB flash drive. We have tested both Unbuntu and Debian from flash drives. You can get by with a 32GB drive, but we recommend a minimum of 64GB so you have room to add applications and files. For optimal performance, we recommend that you use an external SSD drive instead of a flash drive. The installation will be a bit quicker, boot time will be faster, and performance will be better. 

 

* Installation time -- while Linux will install much more quickly than Windows, expect to spend at least an hour creating an external Linux boot drive, especially if you have never done it before.

 

* Pre-installed Linux Flash Drive --  if you don’t want to take the time to create your own Linux boot drive, you can order a -preinstalled version from our online store. We expect to have 64GB and possibly 124GB drives in stock before the end of December.

 

 

]]> The Atari VCS has an open M.2 slot on the motherboard, which allows you to add an M.2 SSD for additional storage.
* M.2 compatibility -- The Atari VCS is compatible with M.2 SATA SSD drives. The SATA format has both a B and an M key -- the two notches at the bottom in the picture below. The NVMe format, which is incompatible with the Atari VCS, has only one notch. There is no known restriction on storage capacity.



* Time and effort -- Installing an M.2 SSD in your Atari VCS is not an overly difficult task, but does require some care to ensure you do not damage your VCS during the installation process. Both written and video installation guides are available to guide you through the process. Do not attempt the installation if you have any uncertainty about the project. Atari is not responsible for any damage you do to your device.

 

 

]]> The Atari VCS comes from the factory with two 4GB SODIMM RAM modules for a total of 8GB of RAM. The RAM can be upgraded to a maximum of 32GB.
* RAM compatibility -- The Atari VCS is compatible with DDR4-2400 SODIMM RAM. You must always mount the RAM in pairs, so to achieve the maximum capacity of 32GB you would add two 16GB modules. Please note, SODIMM RAM is a different format than RAM used in desktop computers. Desktop memory will not fit in the Atari VCS. 



* Time and effort -- Installing RAM in your Atari VCS is an advanced project and requires extreme care to ensure that you do not damage your VCS during the installation process. Installing the RAM itself is easy, but accessing it is much more difficult as the RAM is located on the bottom of the motherboard. To reach it you will need to remove the heat shield and unscrew the motherboard from the chassis. Both written and video installation guides are available to guide you through the process.  You may find this task to be challenging if you do not have experience assembling or upgrading computers. Do not attempt the upgrade if you have any uncertainty about the project. Atari is not responsible for any damage you do to your device.

]]> Orders made through Atari.com typically ship within 3-5 business days. Once your order is queued for shipment you will receive an email with tracking information. If you do not receive that email please contact our support team here. 
]]> If you have an Xbox One controller it will work, but you need to configure it first with the use of a keyboard. Here are the steps to configure your controller:
Note: Use these steps to get past the onboarding screens with a keyboard:

Movement - Arrow Keys
A - Enter
B - Backspace
Back - {No mapping as we already have B}
Menu - Menu Key
Atari/Fuji Logo Button - Escape
Left Bumper - Left Shift
Right Bumper - Right Shift
Left Trigger - Left CTRL
Right Trigger - Right CTRL
X - F1
Y - F2
Left Stick - F3
Right Stick - F4

Once you get past the screen where it asks you to identify your controller, you would hit "escape" and then "a".

If you have any issues at all please contact us https://atari.com/pages/contact

 

]]> At the moment there is no immediate plan to sell faceplates as a standalone item. 
]]> Any new product can be returned for a refund within 30 days of delivery. Atari is not responsible for the shipping cost of returned items.

To start your return, please contact our customer support team here.
They will have you locate your order number and help you print a return label. Once you have printed your return label, attach the label to your return package. If possible, use the same shipping materials that your order arrived in. Remove any previous labels and securely tape the new shipping label onto your package. Drop off your package at any facility designated by the carrier on your label.

Please note:

• Make sure you are only returning item(s) that your return label has listed. Any additional item(s) may not be appropriately processed if no return is requested.

• Allow up to 10 business days from the day the item is delivered to our warehouse to be processed.

• Refunds will be returned to the same form of payment.

]]> Please see our warranty article to see if your item is covered:
https://atari.com/pages/warranty

]]> At this time, there exists no workaround for this situation, please contact our Customer Care via the "Contact Us" button and forward us the following information, to help us try to recreate the issue:
 
Device model
OS Version
Player ID
Connection (Facebook, Google Play Games, Game Center, Apple ID)
Level
When exactly the issue started to happen
]]> Please get in touch with our Customer Care via the "Contact Us" button right away with a screenshot of your game's Settings (as seen from your MAIN PARK).
 
In most cases, our Customer Care is able to retrieve most if not all your progress as long as no other actions have been taken before contacting them.
]]> This issue may occur if your Coaster's Tracks have been corrupted. We recommend you delete the Tracks completely and retrace new ones to solve the issue.
 
If you still encounter this situation after having deleted and retraced your Tracks completely, please contact our Customer Care via the "Contact Us" button and forward us the following information, to help us try to recreate the issue:
 
Device model and OS version?
Player ID (You can find it in the Settings menu or the loading screen).
The coaster type you were editing
What were you trying to do when this happened?
]]> Most players have reported that restarting their handheld device solves this situation. If doing so doesn't solve the problem for you, please contact our Customer Care via the "Contact Us" button and forward us the following information, so our team is in a better position to look into it:
Device model
OS Version
Player ID
Connection (Facebook, Google Play Games, Game Center, Apple ID)
Does this happen all the time, often, from times to times or was it the first time?
Join a screenshot of the problematic Ad(s)
]]> This has been reported to happen when players have other applications open in the background. We recommend you close all other applications while playing to enhance your experience.
 
It has also been reported that turning off your handheld device for a few seconds solves the issue for awhile.
 
If despite closing all your other applications and turning off your device, you still encounter random crashes, please contact our Customer Care via the "Contact Us" button and forward us the following information, so our team is in a better position to look into it:
Device model
OS Version
Player ID
Connection (Facebook, Google Play Games, Game Center, Apple ID)
]]> TAP and DRAG to move the camera.
PINCH and SPREAD to zoom in and out.
ROTATE with two fingers to rotate the camera.
]]> All your cards can be found in the BUILD MENU.
Cards are sorted by CATEGORIES, SUB- CATEGORY and in TABS.
 
Tap on the CATEGORY to the left of the screen to see the SUB-CATEGORY selector.
Tap on a SUB-CATEGORY to see the list of cards.
Tap on TABS to filter different card collections.

When on a list of cards, you can tap on the RETURN (Red Arrow) button, to the right of the TABS, to go back to the SUB-CATEGORY selector.
You can also tap on the CATEGORY on the left side, anytime. This will display the SUB-CATEGORY selector. 
To place the items, DRAG THE CARD  into the park.
CONFIRM the position.
]]> Peeps need PATHS to access rides and other buildings.
To place a path, tap on the PATH MENU to open it.
Simply trace a path with your finger, to CONNECT THE PARK ENTRANCE to the placed item.
To move the camera, select the CAMERA tool. You can drag, zoom and rotate around.
To erase a path, select the EREASE button, and trace with your finger on path tile. 
 
You can change the color of the path, by pressing on the yellow arrow over the path tool and selecting another color. You can trace on the ground or on already placed paths. You can also re-color the entrance tiles that are inside the park.
]]> Missions guide you through the actions you can take in the game.
To see your current mission, open the MISSION MENU. 
When a mission is completed, you can claim its rewards. 

A new mission will be automatically generated.
Missions are only available for a limited time, and will be replaced if the timer ends.
You can complete a mission and claim the reward right away by spending Tickets.
Check the mission menu often, especially if you are out of things to do.
]]> Rides generate COINS but have limited STORAGE.
Come back and collect Coins before the storage is full, or the ride will eventually BREAK.
Tap on the COLLECT bubble.
Rides will generate more Coins if a lot of Peeps visit them.
You can adjust the entrance prices to maximize your profit, but Peeps will refuse to board rides they judge as too expensive.
]]> You can INTERACT with any item placed in your park. Simply select it.
Look at the ride's INFORMATION PANEL: you can move the ride, change the entrance fee, check its storage and even review its detailed stats.
Detailed stats display Excitement, Intensity and Nausea, and other performance indicators.
Peeps appreciate different TYPES of rides. 
A ride with a high EXCITEMENT level provides more FUN.
A Ride with a high level of NAUSEA decreases hygiene, and increases Peep's need to go the bathrooms.
Tap on any STAT to view an explanation. 
]]> The header displays information about how well you manage you park. Tap on any stats for more info. 
PEEP SATISFACTION represents how satisfied your Peep are about their visit.
PEEP COUNT reveals the composition of your visitors: kids, teens, and adults.
Depending on their age, Peeps prefer different types of rides. Make sure to have enough diversity!
PARK VALUE shows how much you have invested by BUILDING activities, but also by UPGRADING cards, and EXPANDING your land.
Diversity and the quality of decorations are key to attracting more Peeps.
 
Happy Peeps stay longer in your park, generate more revenue, and even recommend your park to other Peeps!
 
HAPPY PEEPS is the key to YOUR SUCCESS!
]]> To upgrade a card, tap on it in the BUILD MENU to open the card details, then tap on the UPGRADE button.
Each upgrade increases the card's STATS and therefore its PERFORMANCE in the park.

Each upgrade requires a certain AMOUNT of cards. Be aware that the next upgrade for a given item will require more cards.
Note that when you upgrade a card, all the corresponding items placed in your park are upgraded.
Tap on the UPGRADE button to proceed. 
Upgrading a card also allows you to place more copies of the same item in your park.
]]> DECORATED rides provide MORE FUN to Peeps. They also boost their attractiveness.
Try to place a decoration near a ride. Optimize placement so it touches more than one ride.
Rides appear in blue when they receive a FUN BONUS from a nearby decoration. 
]]> Utility buildings will make your park management easier.
To find them, tap on the SERVICE category in the Build menu, then on the UTILITY tab.
 
INFORMATION CENTER : 
Rides in range of the Info Center will attract more peeps.
Having many will boost the overall satisfaction.
RIDE MAINTENANCE :
Rides in range have higher durability, and take longer to break.
Place the Maintenance Building near rides, to cover as many rides as possible. Note how rides in range appear in blue (and don't forget to connect them to paths). 
JANITOR :
Will reduce the negative impact of ride's Nausea  by boosting hygiene.
Will remove trash form the path.
If your park gets dirty, Hygiene will drop quickly.
]]> HEATMAPS display trends to help you manage park FINANCES and Peep SATISFACTION. To view, tap the Heatmap menu in the bottom right.
SATISFACTION value represents the boost of Fun, Food or Hygiene delivered by rides, restaurants, shops and bathrooms, to each Peep interacting with them.
REVENUE displays the number of COINS generated by rides, restaurants and shops per hour. Don't forget to check the park entrance too! 
PEEP LOAD indicates how busy rides and services are. Full capacity means more revenue, but also a need to build more rides or services. 
PARK VALUE indicates the contribution of every ride, service or decoration to your park's overall value. Each individual score includes the construction cost, but also the card upgrade cost. 
DECORATION shows how your rides are boosted by surrounding decorations. Remember that decorated rides provide a Fun boost to Peeps and a load boost.
]]> COLLECTION : 
Coaster cards are found in the Build menu, under the Coaster category, and are separated in type by tabs.
To build one, you need to complete its SET OF CARDS: the Train, the Station, the  Track, and the Chain Lift. 
Once a set is completed, drag the Custom coaster card on the park to build it.
Roller coasters can be large. Choose a spot with enough room around the station, and VALIDATE.
 
COASTER CREATION : 
To start creating the TRACK, simply DRAG the first highlighted node, and DRAW.
Continue drawing towards the station's other end, and CONNECT your track to it.
TAP on a track NODE to select it and modify it.
To create a hill, drag the Height button up to raise the track. 
To smooth curves, Drag the BANKING button left or right.
Tap away to DESELECT the current node and get a global view.
To reopen a track, tap on REMOVE LAST node, and draw from there.
To validate an open coaster, tap on the validate button. Note that coaster with open track will not be considered as valid and will not generate revenue.
To re-edit an existing coaster, tap on its station, then on the Edit button
 
SPECIAL INSERT :
SELECT a node where you want to add it.
Tap on the ADD SPECIAL menu to open it.
DRAG a Special Insert card that you own to ADD it around the current node. Note that you can tap on a card to review its stats, and check how it would impact your coaster.
You can EDIT a Special Insert just like any node, or DELETE it by selecting it.
]]> Each Peep has 3 main Statistics, that decrease over their time in the park:
Fun: Refilled by boarding rides and buying items in shops
Hygiene: Refilled by using restrooms
Hunger: Refilled by eating in restaurants
If one of these stats reaches zero, your Peep will leave the park unsatisfied.
]]> If it seems you've been charged for a transaction you did not initiate, we recommend getting in touch with your App Provider right away for them to look into it. This is sadly not a situation our customer support handle from their side.
]]>
Is it possible to deactivate In-App purchases?
While it's not something our game offers itself, it's always possible to disable in-app purchases in general or adjust password protection through your device's Settings themselves. The way to do so will vary according to your device's App Provider. To know how, follow the according link below.

If your device's App Provider is Apple, click here.
If your device's App Provider is Google Play Games (Android), click here.
]]>
What can I do if I did not receive my purchase?
If the purchase has been confirmed and you did not receive the item(s), try to close the application entirely before opening the game once again. You may be prompted with your item the next time you enter your Main Park.

There can be a delay of 24 hours before a transaction is approved and then applied. If after this delay your items still have not been received, please contact our Customer Support with both your Player ID (found in your game's Settings) as well as a screenshot of the receipt you've received from your App Provider or a screenshot of your Order History.

Kindly note that Bank Statements and third-party receipts (such as Paypal) cannot be accepted.

]]>
How can I unsubscribe from the VIP program?
In order to unsubscribe from the VIP program, select the "Unsubscribe VIP" button found in your game's Settings. Tapping on this button will walk you through the necessary steps for you successfully unsubscribe from the VIP program.

Please note that solely tapping on the "Unsubscribe VIP" button will NOT unsubscribe you from the program, since this is something that needs to be done via your App Provider service. This isn't something that can be done while staying in the game.

Will my VIP subscription be shared between my devices?
While it is possible to share a VIP subscription between two devices from the same App Provider (two Apple devices OR two Android devices), RCTT currently does not currently support the synchronization between more than one device. Attempting to play with the same game on several devices has proven to corrupt players' save file, making them lose part of their progress or their entire game. This is something we strongly advise against.

]]> This everchanging Park offers you different challenges to meet with 3 Goals to complete in exchange for Medals (Bronze, Silver, Gold), Aqua Coins, Tickets, Experience and Ride Skins.
 
At which Level does the Scenario Park unlock?
The Scenario Park unlocks once you reach Level 20.

In what are the Scenarios different from the Main Park?
Each Scenario has a unique twist that challenges your park management skills. Do not rely only on the way you manage your main park; some Scenarios require you to completely change the way you build your park to succeed.

Can I play a given Scenario more than once?
Yes, you can play Scenarios as often as you'd like.

Can I claim the Scenario Goals more than once?
No, each Goal (Bronze, Silver, Gold) can only be claimed once. Replaying a Scenario will not refresh its rewards.

Can I play several Scenarios are once?
No, it's only possible to play in a single Scenario at once. If you wish to play a different Scenario, you will need to either Claim your current one or Cancel it.

How can I obtain Cards while playing a Scenario?
To obtain Cards in your Scenario Park, you must use the Research Center. You can find it on the right of your screen. It looks like a Card with a magnifying glass.

Four different Research options are available for you to choose from. Each of them has a different cost and will reward you with a different amount of Cards.

Research takes time to complete, but you can skip some time by watching an Advertisement. To do so, tap on the Research Center while a Research is active.

Once a Research is completed, you will be able to claim the Cards.

Are there differences between Main Park Cards and Scenario Park Cards?
Yes, there are differences between the Cards you will find in your Main Park and their Scenario Park counterpart. The Statistics and upgrade requirements are different since the Scenario Park Cards are only temporary. The Cards may be easier to max out but their cost is more expensive.

What happens with my unclaimed Coins and buildings when the Scenario is over?
When the Scenario is over, all your unclaimed Coins are gathered automatically and given to you as you claim your reward.

A similar thing can be observed for your buildings, they will also be automatically sold for 50% of their placement price. The Coins will be added to your Coin Wallet as you claim your reward as well.

What is the purpose of obtaining Medals?
Every time you claim a new Medal after completing a Scenario, their value will be added to your Company Value. Their value vastly exceeds that of the Coins you'll have invested in the Scenario, which makes them a great way to climb the Leaderboard.
 
Medals Value :
Bronze : 50,000,000 Coins
Silver : 250,000,000 Coins
Gold : 1,000,000,000 Coins
]]> This Side Park allows you to take it easy in an environment that only asks of you to build a dream Park with exclusive assets.
 
At which Level does the Scenario Park unlock?
The Scenario Park unlocks once you reach Level 25.

What are Aqua Coins?
To learn more about Aqua Coins, how you can obtain them and what they are used for, click here.

How can I obtain Cards while playing in the Water Park?
It's not possible to obtain Cards in the Water Park since all the available Cards have already been unlocked for you.

Why are Cards in the Water Park so expensive?
Cards are more expensive to place and upgrade because they are all unlocked from the get-go, therefore you do not need to find them to place them. To ensure a better experience, their price are more expensive in exchange.

]]> This Park is sadly not available just yet, more surprises to come in the future!
]]> This currency is characterized by its icon representing two golden coins.
Your Coin Wallet can be found at the top of your screen in the Main Park, Scenario Parks as well as the Park Hub.

How can I obtain Coins?
There exist several methods for you to obtain Coins:

Collect your buildings' earnings by tapping on them before their storage is full.
Collect your Park Entrance's earnings by tapping on it.
Complete Missions. Some of their rewards award you Coins.
Visit your Friends' Parks daily. There's a chance you'll be able to collect some Coins during your visit!
Play all Mini-Games. Each time your Score hits a new bar in the gauge, you will be rewarded with Coins.
Spin the Casino Wheel. There's a chance for the reward you will obtain to be Coins.
Complete Event Goals. Some of their rewards award you Coins.
Head to the Store and exchange Tickets for Coins!
Head to the Store and purchase a Coin Pack or Bundle that includes Coins!
 
What can I do with my Coins?
There are several ways for you to spend your Coins:

Build activity buildings and decorations.
Upgrade Cards to enhance their statistics and performance.
Open unlocked Park Expansions.
Create your very own Corporation.
Obtain certain Cards in the Mall Landmark.
Obtain Cards by starting a Research in the Scenario Park.
 
How can I collect all my Main Park's Coin earnings at once?
It is possible for you to collect all your Main Park's Coin earnings at once instead of individually tapping on your buildings. There are two different methods to do so:

Park Office: For a fee of 20 Appreciation Hearts, all your Main Park's Coin earnings will be collected at once.
Collector: Tapping on a Collector-type building allows you to collect Coins in its vicinity. Note that the Collector only affects buildings placed under its coverage.  You may need several Collector buildings placed strategically to be able to collect all your Park's earnings more easily.
 
Where can I use my Coins?
Your Coin Wallet is shared between your Main Park and your Scenario Park.

Why can't Coins be used in the Water Park?
The reason why you cannot use your Coin Wallet in the Water Park is simple: the Water Park has its own special currency, the Aqua Coin!

]]> This currency is characterized by its icon representing two red carnival-type tickets with a star in the middle.
Your Ticket Wallet can be found at the top of your screen at all time.

How can I obtain Tickets?
There exist several methods for you to obtain Tickets:

Complete the Coaster Challenge weekly.
Complete Achievements. Some of their rewards award you Tickets.
Visit your Friends' Parks daily. There's a chance you'll be able to collect some Tickets during your visit!
Watch Advertisements in the Billboard Landmark.
Spin the Casino Wheel. There's a chance for the reward you will obtain to be Tickets.
Complete Scenarios. Each Medal obtained comes with some extra Tickets.
Complete Event Goals. Some of their rewards award you Tickets.
Head to the Store and complete offers with TapResearch or IronSource!
Head to the Store and purchase a Ticket Pack or Bundle that includes Tickets!
 
What can I do with my Tickets?
There are several ways for you to spend your Tickets:

Auto-complete (SKIP) Missions without achieving their goal and still obtain the reward.
Open locked Park Expansions without having the necessary Level.
Play Mini-Games as much as you want.
Spin the Casino Wheel as much as you want.
Cancel your daily Card Request (Corporation) and request a different Card instead.
Accelerate the Heliport Landmark's process.
Obtain Cards by starting a Research in the Scenario Park.
Start a Major Marketing Campaign.
Head to the Store and exchange Tickets for Coins in the Main Park!
Head to the Store and exchange Tickets for Aqua Coins in the Water Park!
Head to the Store and exchange Tickets for Card Packs!
 
Where can I use my Tickets?
Your Ticket Wallet is shared between all your Parks.

]]> This currency is characterized by its icon representing a single red heart.
As soon as this currency is unlocked to you, your Heart Wallet will be found at the top of your screen at any given moment.

How can I obtain Appreciation Hearts?
There exist several methods for you to obtain Appreciation Hearts:

Click on thought bubbles from happy Peeps and there's a chance a Heart or two will drop. It's your Peeps' way of rewarding your good management with their love!
Place Security Guard buildings in your Main Park. Each copy will produce Hearts for you to collect after some time.
Place Life Guard buildings in your Water Park. Each copy will produce Hearts for you to collect after some time.
Visit your Friends' Parks daily. There's a chance you'll be able to collect some Hearts during your visit!
Watch Advertisements to trigger a Fireworks Show.
Spin the Casino Wheel. There's a chance for the reward you will obtain to be Hearts.
Head to the Store and purchase a Heart Pack or Bundle that includes Hearts!
 
What can I do with my Appreciation Hearts?
There are several ways for you to spend your Appreciation Hearts:

Send a Peeps Train to boost your revenue.
Collect your Main Park's Coin earnings at once in the Park Office Landmark.
Trade your extra Cards for higher rarity Cards in the Trading Fair Landmark.
Send an helicopter to obtain a specific Card in the Heliport Landmark.
Obtain certain Cards in the Mall Landmark.
Spin the Casino Wheel once everyday. (Note that after the first time, Tickets will be exchanged instead.)
 
How can I unlock the Appreciation Heart currency?
You can start collecting Appreciation Hearts from your happy Peeps as early as Level 10, but will only be able to use them once you reach Level 20.

Where can I use my Appreciation Hearts?
Your Heart Wallet is shared between all your Parks.

]]> This currency is characterized by its icon representing two blue coins.
As soon as the Water Park feature is unlocked to you, your Aqua Coin Wallet can be found at the top of your screen in the Water Park as well as the Park Hub.

How can I obtain Aqua Coins?
There exist several methods for you to obtain Aqua Coins:

Collect your buildings' earnings by tapping on them before their storage is full.
Collect your Park Entrance's earnings by tapping on it.
Complete Scenarios. Each Medal obtained comes with some extra Aqua Coins.
Spin the Casino Wheel. There's a chance for the reward you will obtain to be Aqua Coins.
Head to the Store and exchange Tickets for Aqua Coins!
Head to the Store and purchase an Aqua Coin Pack!
 
What can I do with my Aqua Coins?
There are several ways for you to spend your Aqua Coins:

Build activity buildings and decorations.
Upgrade Cards to enhance their statistics and performance.
Open Park Expansions.
 
How can I collect all my Water Park's Aqua Coin earnings at once?
Unfortunately, it is not possible for you to collect all your Water Park's Aqua Coin earnings at once, but there is a way for you to do so in a few clicks instead of individually tapping on your buildings.

Like the Main Park, the Water Park offers a Collector-type Utility building. Tapping on a placed Collector building allows you to collect Aqua Coins in its vicinity. Note that the Collector only affects buildings placed under its coverage.  You may need several Collector buildings placed strategically to be able to collect all your Park's earnings more easily.

Where can I use my Aqua Coins?
Your Aqua Coin Wallet is exclusive to the Water Park. It's not possible to use Aqua Coins anywhere else.

Can I exchange my Aqua Coins for Coins/my Coins for Aqua Coins?
It's not possible to exchange Aqua Coins for Coins, nor is it possible to exchange Coins for Aqua Coins.

]]> This currency is characterized by its icon representing a purple hexagonal chip with a yellow "C" in the middle.
As soon as you've created or have been accepted into a Corporation, your Corp. Coin Wallet will be found at the top of your screen, while in the Corporation Station Landmark exclusively.

How can I obtain Corp. Coins?
There exist two methods for you to obtain Corp. Coins:

Donate Cards to Corp. Members who've requested some.
Place Jukebox buildings in your Main Park. Each copy will produce Corp. Coins for you to collect after some time.
 
What can I do with my Corp. Coins?
You can exchange your Corp. Coins for exclusive Corp. Cards! These Cards are ONLY obtainable through the Corporation Station Landmark.

]]> This currency is characterized by its icon representing a stamp of different color according to its Rarity: blue for Common Cards, orange for Rare Cards and purple for Epic Cards.
You can view your Stamps by selecting any Card in your Build Menu. They will be located below the opened window.

How can I obtain Stamps?
You will automatically start obtaining Stamps starting Level 101. From there, whenever you'll Level up, a Stamp will be added to the count.

What can I do with my Stamps?
You can use your Stamps to upgrade Cards that have already been upgraded to their maximal level. The Stamp will "Level-Break" the Card, allowing you to upgrade it 1 level higher than their max, which in turn will increase its Statistics and help your overall Satisfaction.

How do I know which Card has been leveled up enough to use Stamps on?
Once a Card has been upgraded to its maximal level, the Stamp icon of the corresponding Color/Rarity will be displayed next to a certain amount of Coins. You need both the Stamp and the Coins to be available in order to "Level-Break" a Card.

Are there enough Stamps to upgrade all my Cards?
No, there aren't enough Stamps to "Level-Break" all the different Cards RCT Touch has to offer, so choose which one you upgrade wisely! Some Cards are more advantageous to level up than others.

Where can I use my Stamps?
Your Stamps can be used in the Main Park exclusively.

]]> Building your own coaster is the best way to let your imagination go wild! When you complete the collection of cards needed for a coaster type, you can start building it.
To do so, check the Build menu, and drag the Custom coaster card into your park, then enter the Edit mode. Trace the desired track by dragging the first node of your coaster wherever you want, eventually looping to the end back at the station. Once the track is traced, you can select each node individually to modify position, height, or angle, and even delete it, or add a Special Insert.

The length of the track is limited by the Base Set card level. Upgrade that card to make a longer coaster.

]]> To add some loops or some water splashes to your coaster, select a node in the coaster creator mode, tap on "Special insert" and choose the one you want to add. 
 
The amount you can place on a single coaster is limited. Upgrade that special insert card to place more. 

Be careful, special inserts add Excitement, but also add Intensity and Nausea to your coaster. Don't forget that a coaster with an Intensity that's too high will not have many riders.  
 
Note that any special insert will increase the coaster length, so you need to keep an eye to the limit that you have. 
]]> To add special inserts if you are creating your coaster for the first time, you need to tap any node prior to the last one. The editor will not allow you to add special inserts in the last node that was placed. If you have already created the coaster, just tap any node, except the last one, to add your inserts. Note that any special insert will increase the coaster length, so you need to keep an eye to the limit that your current length limit. 
]]> Each card used in the recipe of your custom coaster adds its own stats to the total. Adding special inserts, or a train or a station modifier increases the stats of the base set. There is also a value added for the design of the track layout. 
 
The perfect design for each coaster varies - it's a challenge to find the perfect recipe. Wooden and Hyper coasters should have a lot of bunny hops and air time. Steel and Inverted coasters should include a lot special insert and inversion.  Accelerator should well...be really fast, and not last too long or else they get too intense. Winged and Inverted coasters should be a good balance of many factors: drops, inversion, speed, height and banking.
]]> Coaster Special Insert, Train and Station modifiers drop as Weekly Coaster Challenge rewards and on premium card packs acquired from the shop. Base set cards still drop in any kind of pack: the free daily pack, video ads packs and mission rewards. 
 
Be sure to complete your Weekly Coaster Challenge to get more of these cards. Consult the Mission Menu on the Challenge tab to see your current challenge. 
]]> Weekly Coaster Challenges are longer and harder missions that will ask you to build a specific type of coaster and fulfill different goals. All the goals must be achieved to complete the Challenge. Challenges are a kind of puzzle, where you have to try different designs and be creative to fulfill all the Challenge requirements. Each week will bring a new Challenge that will adapt to your level.
 
A Coaster Challenge can ask you to have a coaster of a certain length, a maximum height, or place a specific Special insert or Train, etc. Any coaster stat can become a goal!
 
You can complete Challenges by editing the coaster you currently have in your park, or by building new ones. Once a coaster fulfills all goals you can claim your reward: Special Insert or Trains and Stations cards. The reward must be claimed before the timer expires or else you will lose it. 
 
Consult the Mission Menu on the Challenge tab to see your current Challenge.
]]> Some Coaster Challenges will require a Train Modifier or a Station Modifier. 
 
The Station Modifier is a skin that can be added to your roller coaster station. It will boost the Coin storage of your station. 

 
The Train Modifier is a skin that can be added to your roller coaster, like the station, but this one will boost the Max Peep Load of your ride, resulting in increased profit.
 
Right now, both are only available during special seasonal. You can get them in free and daily packs, rewards pack, and in any pack in the shop. They have a greater chance to drop in Coaster Card packs and Seasonal packs.
 
To assign them, enter the Coaster Edit mode, and tap on the Train or the Station icon of the Tool panel. Then simply drag the card you want to assign in the park.
]]> Blueprints are pre-made coaster designs that you can assign to a placed coaster. They are cards that can drop in Weekly Coaster Challenge rewards, or in packs bought in the shop, like the Coaster pack - but they are very rare!
 
To craft them, you need the full list of cards that compose the design of the coaster: the full base set of the coaster type, and any special insert, train or station modifiers. You can see what cards are needed in the build menu.
 
To assign them, select a placed coaster. Tap on the crane button, then on the Blueprint button. From there you can drag a valid blueprint on the scene to assign it and see the result. Exit the menu to validate or cancel your choice.
]]> If you made a coaster you really like and want to keep for later, you can save its design as your very own custom blueprint.
 
You can do so in two ways:
 
- After testing your coaster in the park editor, tap on the Save button.
- From the Assign Blueprint menu, accessed by selecting a placed coaster. Tap on the crane button, then on the Blueprint button.  The first items on the list is the button to save your design. This will create a card in the list of Blueprints that you can drag to re-assign when you want.
 
Note that you can only save one design by coaster type. If there is already a blueprint saved, it will ask for a confirmation to replace the already-placed design.
]]> Yes! While in the coaster editor you can undo your last action, by tapping the undo button.
You can undo up to 15 actions.
If you quit the editor, your last action will not be saved.
]]> 1) Boot with a keyboard attached, holding down the ESC key. Go into boot manager. You will see three options. Select EFI Embedded MMC Device 1 (TA2932). The system will reboot.
2) If that does not work, you will need to manually flash the box with an OS image from a USB stick. It can take a bit of time to download and write the file to the USB drive but is otherwise a very straightforward process. Please follow the instructions below:

What you need:

You will need a computer with 3.5GB of free space. The file is 1.8GB but you will need to unzip it to write the image. You will need a
You will need a 2GB or larger USB flash drive that you are willing to erase completely.

Download Atari OS image onto your computer from the link below
https://drive.google.com/file/d/18h01VknAi8eFsCFxeEe2DiCMo1XoT6Y9/view?usp=sharing

Download the USB boot creation app Rufus:
Rufus.ie

Run Rufus and set the dropdowns as follows:

Device: select the USB device that you’d like to use
Boot selection: Disk or ISO image > SELECT
Partition scheme: MBR
Target system: BIOS (or UEFI-CSM)

Then click on the “SELECT” button that you chose from the dropdown (next to Boot selection)
This will prompt you to open the file that you downloaded above (atari-flasher-ab-upgrade.img) from the location where you saved it on your computer.
Once you have that file selected, you can click on “START” (current USB contents will be erased in the process) and Rufus will begin writing the new image to your USB drive.

When it’s finished writing you can proceed to the instructions for booting up your VCS with this flash drive

Mac USB creator

Download etcher:
https://www.balena.io/etcher/
Download Atari OS image:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/18h01VknAi8eFsCFxeEe2DiCMo1XoT6Y9/view?usp=sharing
Unzip the Atari US image
Create USB Installer
â—‹ Launch etcher
â—‹ Drag image etcher
â—‹ Select USB
â—‹ Click start

Updating the VCS from a USB drive:

If you have a video signal:

With the power off, connect the VCS to a keyboard and insert the USB drive you created above
Hit the power button while holding the ESC key on the keyboard until you see the blue UEFI menu
Go to the boot manager and select the USB from the list of options
The VCS should boot to the USB. Select “reflash VCS” from the menu of options

If you do not have a video signal:

With the power off, plug in the USB drive
Turn on the VCS
The VCS will update on its own. It will take around 15 minutes. After 20 minutes hold the power button down until the VCS turns off
Power the unit back on and it should boot to the new OS

* Please note there are chances where the system will need to go through a series/cycle of updates, this is normal and may take longer than expected.




]]> SELECT Partition scheme: MBR Target system: BIOS (or UEFI-CSM) Then click on the "SELECT" button that you chose from the dropdown (next to Boot selection) This will prompt you to open the file that you downloaded above (atari-flasher-ab-upgrade.img) from the location where you saved it on your computer. Once you have that file selected, you can click on "START" (current USB contents will be erased in the process) and Rufus will begin writing the new image to your USB drive. When it's finished writing you can proceed to the instructions for booting up your VCS with this flash drive Mac USB creator Download etcher: https://www.balena.io/etcher/ Download Atari OS image: https://drive.google.com/file/d/18h01VknAi8eFsCFxeEe2DiCMo1XoT6Y9/view?usp=sharing Unzip the Atari US image Create USB Installer â—‹ Launch etcher â—‹ Drag image etcher â—‹ Select USB â—‹ Click start Updating the VCS from a USB drive: If you have a video signal: With the power off, connect the VCS to a keyboard and insert the USB drive you created above Hit the power button while holding the ESC key on the keyboard until you see the blue UEFI menu Go to the boot manager and select the USB from the list of options The VCS should boot to the USB. Select "reflash VCS" from the menu of options If you do not have a video signal: With the power off, plug in the USB drive Turn on the VCS The VCS will update on its own. It will take around 15 minutes. After 20 minutes hold the power button down until the VCS turns off Power the unit back on and it should boot to the new OS * Please note there are chances where the system will need to go through a series/cycle of updates, this is normal and may take longer than expected. ]]> Atari 50: The Anniversary Celebration takes players on an interactive journey through 50 years of video games, including a specially-curated list of more than 100 playable classics and six entirely new titles from the award-winning team at Digital Eclipse. 90+ classic games lovingly presented with best-in-class emulation and modern quality-of-life enhancements – including games that have not been available for ages. Platforms include Arcade, 2600, 5200, 7800, Atari 8-bit computers, Lynx, and Jaguar. For more information please visit our website https://atari.com/products/atari-50th-the-anniversary-celebration
]]> AVAILABLE NOW FROM SELECT RETAILERS:
Target https://www.target.com/s?searchTerm=atari+50

Best Buy https://www.bestbuy.com/site/searchpage.jsp?st=atari+50%3a+the+anniversary+celebration&utm_medium=web-organic&utm_source=ataridotcom&utm_campaign=anniversary

Amazon https://www.amazon.com/s?k=atari+50%3a+the+anniversary+celebration&utm_medium=web-organic&utm_source=ataridotcom&utm_campaign=anniversary

Walmart https://www.walmart.com/search?q=atari+50%3A+the+anniversary+celebration&typeahead=atari+50

Gamestop https://www.gamestop.com/search/?q=atari%2050%3A%20the%20anniversary%20celebration&type=Primary&sort=BestMatch_Desc&p=1&utm_source=ataridotcom&utm_medium=paid%20various&utm_campaign=anniversary&utm_id=Atari%2050%3A%20The%20Anniversary

 

]]> Atari 50: The Anniversary Celebration is available on the following platforms:
 

Atari VCS Store through the Atari VCS

Steam 

Nintendo Switch 

PlayStation (PS5 & PS4)

XBOX (Xbox One & Xbox Series X1S) 

]]> Atari Arcade
1. Akka Arrh
2. Asteroids
3. Asteroids Deluxe
4. Black Widow
5. Breakout
6. Centipede
7. Cloak & Dagger
8. Crystal Castles
9. Fire Truck
10. Food Fight
11. Gravitar
12. I, Robot
13. Liberator
14. Lunar Lande
15. Major Havoc
16. Maze Invaders
17. Millipede
18. Missile Command
19. Pong
20. Quantum
21. Space Duel
22. Sprint 8
23. Super Breakout
24. Tempest
25. Warlords
Atari Reimagined
1. Haunted Houses
2. Neo Breakout
3. Quadratank
4. Swordquest: AirWorld
5. VCTR-SCTR
6. Yars’ Revenge Enhanced

Atari 800
1. Bounty Bob Strikes Back!
2. Caverns of Mars
3. Food Fight
4. Miner 2049er
5.Yoomp!

Atari 2600
1. 3-D Tic-Tac-Toe
2. Adventure
3. Air-Sea Battle
4. Asteroids
5. Basic Math
6. Breakout
7. Canyon Bomber
8. Centipede
9. Combat
10. Combat Two
11. Crystal Castles
12. Dark Chambers
13. Demons to Diamonds
14. Dodge ‘Em
15. Fatal Run
16. Gravitar
17. Haunted House
18. Millipede
19. Miner 2049er
20. Missile Command
21. Outlaw
22. Quadrun
23. Race 500
24. RealSports Baseball
25. RealSports Basketball
26. RealSports Boxing
27. RealSports Football
28. RealSports Soccer
29. RealSports Tennis
30. RealSports Volleyball
31. Saboteur
32. Secret Quest
33. Solaris
34. Super Breakout
35. Surround
36. Swordquest: EarthWorld
37. Swordquest: FireWorld
38. Swordquest: WaterWorld
39. Warlords
40. Yars’ Revenge

Atari 5200
1. Bounty Bob Strikes Back!
2. Millipede
3. Missile Command
4. Star Raiders (+ Enhanced Version)
5. Super Breakout

Atari 7800
1. Asteroids
2. Basketbrawl
3. Centipede
4. Dark Chambers
5. Fatal Run
6. Ninja Golf
7. Scrapyard Dog

Atari Handheld
1. Touch Me

Atari Jaguar
1. Atari Karts
2. Club Drive
3. Cybermorph
4. Evolution Dino Dudes
5. Fight For Life
6. Missile Command 3D
7. Ruiner Pinball
8. Tempest 2000
9. Trevor McFur In The Crescent Galaxy

Atari Lynx
1. Basketbrawl
2. Malibu Bikini Volleyball
3. Scrapyard Dog
4. Super Asteroids & Missile Command
5. Turbo Sub

]]> Asteroids: Recharged brings a revitalized and modern challenge to high-score chasers. And 30 unique and creative challenge levels take the space shooting gameplay into new territory, complete with local and global leaderboards. For more information about Asteroids: Recharged please visit https://atari.com/products/asteroids-recharged
Available on the following platforms:

Atari VCS Store

Steam

Nintendo Switch

PlayStation

Xbox

Epic Games

 

 

 

]]> Centipede: Recharged has been reimagined for modern gameplay, with vibrant visuals designed for modern screens, a 16:9 field of play, and an original soundtrack from award-winning video game composer Megan McDuffee. For more information on Centipede: Recharged please visit our website https://atari.com/products/centipede-recharged
Available on the following platforms:

Atari VCS Store

Steam

Epic Games

Nintendo Switch

PlayStation

XBOX

]]> Black Widow: Recharged has been reimagined for modern gameplay, with vibrant visuals, powerful new abilities, and another original soundtrack from award-winning video game composer Megan McDuffee. For more information on Black Widow: Recharged please visit our website https://atari.com/products/black-widow-recharged
Available on the following platforms:

Atari VCS Store

Nintendo Switch

Steam

PlayStation

XBOX

Epic Games 

]]> Breakout: Recharged will forever change what you expect from a brick-breaking title. The endless arcade mode and 50 challenge levels will push you to the limit of your skills. Don’t fret, however, as this wouldn’t be a Recharged title without game-changing powerups. For more information on Breakout: Recharged please visit our website https://atari.com/products/breakout-recharged
Available on the following platforms:

Atari VCS Store

Steam

Nintendo Switch

PlayStation

XBOX

Epic Games

]]> With Gravitar: Recharged Atari revisits an incredibly ambitious arcade title. The 1982 original took the rotate, thrust, and fire mechanics of Asteroids and Space Duel combined them with the gravity of Lunar Lander and added exploration and elements of cave flying. The result was an extremely challenging arcade game that has become a cult classic among Atari fans. For more information on Gravitar: Recharged please visit our website https://atari.com/products/gravitar-recharged
Available on the following platforms:

Atari VCS Store

Steam

Nintendo Switch

PlayStation

XBOX

Epic Games

]]> Missile Command: Recharged takes the classic arcade game and adds several layers of oomph and pizzaz. This revamped take on the classic introduces more power-ups, new enemies, and a suite of challenges that limit the number of counter-defenses at your disposal - not to mention co-op across all game modes! An amazing new soundtrack from the incomparable Megan McDuffee perfectly complements the gameplay and adds depth and variety. Of course, you could also test your skills against players across the globe in the 32 challenge levels or the classic endless Arcade mode. https://atari.com/products/missile-command-recharged
Available on the following platforms:

Atari VCS Store

Steam

Nintendo Switch

PlayStation

XBOX

Epic Games

 

]]> Yars: Recharged is a visually stunning new title from Adamvision Studios and SneakyBox, the team behind the Atari Recharged series. For more information on Yars: Recharged please visit our website https://atari.com/products/yars-recharged
Available on the following platforms:

Atari VCS Store

Steam

Nintendo Switch

PlayStation

Xbox

Epic Games

]]> The original Caverns of Mars was a hit that came out of nowhere.  In an era of side-scrollers a high school senior named Greg Christensen developed a game where players descended vertically. The few vertical scrolling games that existed were largely skiing and driving games, but Christsensen made a space game, set in the tunnels of Mars. He submitted it to APX, Atari’s mail-order software catalog. The day his project arrived in Sunnyvale it was recognized for its quality, and it became the very first APX submission to be released as an Atari game, and one of only a handful to ever make that leap. Caverns of Mars: Recharged takes the easy, addictive appeal of the original game and adds more caverns, more challenges, more weapons, modern graphics, and leaderboards. For more information on Caverns of Mars: Recharged please visit our website https://atari.com/products/caverns-of-mars-recharged
Available for PRE-ORDER on the select platforms, releases on 3/9/2023 on all remaining platforms:

Atari VCS Store releases on 3/9/23

Steam releases on 3/9/23

Nintendo Switch releases on 3/9/23

PlayStation releases on 3/9/23

XBOX PRE-ORDER now

Epic Games releases on 3/9/23

]]> The Speakerhat is a baseball-style cap with high-fidelity stereo speakers and microphone that can connect instantly to any Bluetooth-enabled device. Atari Speakerhats connect to any smartphone, tablet, or personal computer to play any music or other media content. Initiate or accept phone calls, receive voice commands, and more. For more information or to place an order please visit our website https://atari.com/products/fuji-black-out-speaker-hat
]]> Atari XP cartridges are manufactured to exacting standards from all new parts and materials, with beveled edges to prevent pin damage, strong gold-plated connectors, and identical power draw to the originals to ensure they are compatible with the Atari 2600. 
]]> Yes, you can purchase XP cartridges internationally from our partners at Limited Run
]]> Your card will be charged at the time of purchase for both pre-order and in-stock items. 
]]> Yes, you can cancel a pre-order up until the sales window is closed. After the window is closed all orders are considered final and cannot be canceled. If you would like to cancel your pre-order please contact our support team https://atari.com/pages/contact
]]> Atari has released both Limited Edition and Standard Edition cartridges in the following game titles:
Yars Return - Limited Edition 

Yars Return

Saboteur - Limited Edition

Saboteur

Aquaventure - Limited Edition

Aquaventure

Missile Command - Limited Edition

Adventure - Limited Edition

Super Breakout - Limited Edition

Warlords - Limited Edition

Crystal Castles - Limited Edition

Haunted House - Limited Edition

Yars Revenge - Limited Edition 

Centipede - Limited Edition

Gravitar - Limited Edition

Asteroids - Limited Edition 

 

Pre-Orders for the above game titles are currently closed. 

 

]]> An Atari-branded token is simply too important to be kept at arm’s length from our company. The licensing arrangement we had for the Joint Venture did not give us enough control over how the ATRI Token was managed, or enough say in charting its future. We believe blockchain will have a meaningful role in our business, and a branded Atari token that focuses on gaming, community, and utility will have an important place in that ecosystem. We feel that requires us to directly issue and manage any token that has our name on it. 
]]> There is not a date for the token claim at this time. We are taking the time to carefully create the new token and build a robust infrastructure to enable the claim and the ecosystem required to support the new token. We will be sharing information about our team, our roadmap, and our progress on a regular basis, supported by a Twitter account and an actively-moderated Discord community.
]]> Only wallets holding tokens as of April 18, 2022 at 6:00PM CET (GMT +1) are eligible for participation in the exchange. Token holders must keep their tokens until the swap period to maintain their eligibility. We will create a “check your claim” webpage to help holders check their eligibility for the swap and ensure they maintain the appropriate amount of ATRI tokens until the swap date.
]]> Any tokens not claimed will remain in the possession of the original holder. However, we do not foresee these tokens having a use or purpose, and they are not supported by Atari or considered part of our blockchain ecosystem in any way.
]]>
No. You will only be allowed to exchange the exact amount of tokens you held as of April 18, 2022 at 6:00PM CET. Any additional tokens you acquire will not be eligible for exchange.

]]>
No. Atari remains enthusiastic about the potential for blockchain initiatives and continues to establish and pursue strategic ventures and partnerships in the space. The new token will play an important role within our blockchain ecosystem.

]]>
Exchanging tokens held in custodial solutions will require cooperation from the custodians. We are working to determine the best and most efficient way to handle these. If your tokens are held in a custodial solution, please do not move them until we provide guidance. Custodial exchanges include BKEX, Hotbit, Lbank, MEXC Global, Zonda, Bittrex, Probit Global, and the Atarichain wallet.

]]>
The snapshot captured all wallets and amounts, including those held on decentralized exchanges. Liquidity providers were captured in the snapshot. You do not need to do anything with these tokens at this time. In addition, selling them will make them ineligible for the eventual exchange.

]]> Based on the beloved RollerCoaster TycoonÂ® franchise, RollerCoaster Tycoon Puzzle is a unique match 3 puzzle game for mobile that uses an innovative rail match system for players to complete fun puzzles while restoring their theme park.
]]> FEATURES
Hundreds of Levels:Â Match three or more pieces using the rail match system to complete fun puzzles or earn powerful boosters. Complete complex puzzles and unlock special items including the famous Screechinâ€™ Eagle booster.
Exciting Story:Â Finish each round to progress through the storyline and advance to the next level.Â As you continue to play, additional zones of the park will unlock revealing classic RollerCoaster Tycoon rides like the Steel Mini Coaster.
Renovate and Decorate:Â Improve sections of your park by removing debris, adding decorations, and investing in research to further upgrade rides, attractions and more.
Endearing Characters:Â Interact with multiple characters including Sam the maintenance worker, Maggie the mechanic, Tyler the panda mascot entertainer, and many others.
Daily Rewards:Earn bonus rewards each day for restored rides and attractions. More rides, more money!
Leaderboards:Top the global leaderboards and compete against friends.
]]> iOSÂ â€“ Requires iOS 9.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.
AndroidÂ â€“Â Minimum OS 4.4. Available only on Google Play.

]]> The Original RollerCoaster Sim: Experience all the fun from the original RollerCoaster TycoonÂ® and RollerCoaster TycoonÂ® 2 games, with a new sim that combines the best elements of both classic titles.
Coaster Construction: Create incredible roller coasters â€“ Quickly build a pre-made design or use the intuitive piece-by-piece building tools to design and theme your own unique rides.

Park Designer: Keep your guests happy by building gentle or wild rides, food and drink stalls, water rides, and even transport rides to take them around the park; Customize your park by building scenery, fine-tuning the landscape, and routing the footpaths.

Park Management: Run your parkâ€™s marketing and finances to make a profit while attracting more guests; Organize your staff to keep the park running well and looking its best.

Exciting Environments: Build the ultimate theme park in a variety of challenging environments, from the tranquility of Forest Frontiers to the bustling commerce of Megaworld Park.

Park Scenarios: Progress through 95 classic park scenarios from RollerCoaster TycoonÂ® and RollerCoaster TycoonÂ® 2.

Authentic Gameplay: Classic-style isometric graphics and original amusement park music and sound effects.

Packed with Content: Includes hundreds of types of roller coasters and rides, and dozens of different shops, stalls, and facilities.

Expansion Packs:

Wacky Worlds Expansion Pack: Find your passport and pack your bags! Wacky Worlds takes players on the ultimate trip around the globe in 17 new park scenarios! Includes exotic rides, profitable concessions and the most famous landmarks known to man including the Eiffel Tower, Big Ben, Statue of Liberty, Great Wall of China and more! Each location is packed with opportunities for success, fun and unique challenges.

Time Twister Expansion Pack: Travel through time with 14 new park scenarios based on historical and fantasy time-themes and build a park that is truly a blast from the past (or future if you like). Play in a Prehistoric amusement park decorated with huge animated T-Rexâ€™s and coasters such as the Raptor Ride, or choose from Mythological times, the Dark Ages, the Rock & Roll crazed â€˜50s, the Future or the Roaring Twenties.

]]> Windows
MINIMUM:
OS: Windows 7
Processor: Intel 2.16Ghz or AMD equivalent
Memory: 4 GB RAM
Graphics: OpenGL 2
Storage: 360 MB of available space

RECOMMENDED:
OS: Windows 10
Processor: Intel 2.4Ghz+ or AMD equivalent
Memory: 4 GB RAM
Graphics: OpenGL 2+
Storage: 512 MB available space

Mac OS X

MINIMUM:
OS: 10.10
Processor: Intel 2.4ghz
Memory: 4 GB RAM
Graphics: OpenGL 2
Storage: 360 MB of available space

RECOMMENDED:
OS: 10.10
Processor: Intel 2.66ghz+
Memory: 4 GB RAM
Graphics: OpenGL 2+
Storage: 512 MB available space

]]> SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS

OS: Windows 7 (64-bit)
Processor: Intel 2.3 GHz Core i5 or AMD equivalent
Memory: 6 GB RAM
Graphics: GeForce GTX 460 or AMD equivalent
DirectX: Version 11
Storage: 10 GB available space
Additional Notes: Subject to Change

Note:Â This content requires the base gameÂ RollerCoaster Tycoon Worldâ„¢Â on Steam in order to play.

]]>